My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now, I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. (dramatic music playing) ♪ ♪ This is Nathan for You. This is Mark Rappaport, owner of Marky Sparky Toys. And of all the products he's invented, one stands out as the absolute worst. The "Doinkit" is a strange ball that doesn't do much. And, unfortunately for Mark, it hasn't been the biggest seller, either. It's not all fun-- it's all fun and games-- until nobody buys your toys. (laughs) But as far as I'm concerned, the quality of the toy shouldn't matter, when you're selling to kids. So I paid Mark a visit, with a way to get those Doinkits sold. When you're a kid, what's the one thing you want, more than anything? Power. No. To not be seen as a baby. It's very easy to market to kids, because their brains are so small. So rather than selling a ball, Mark should be selling an identity for children. That identity? That owning a Doinkit is the only way to prove you're not a baby. No. (laughs) No. This is Marketing 101. A-- According to you. Well, that's what sells products. Fantastic! Fantastic. I am so excited. Am I sensing some sarcasm? Yes. Mark wasn't convinced, and said there was only one thing that could win him over. Cash. Money. I needed to show that this would be profitable. So later that week, I arranged a focus group to see if my marketing approach would work with actual children. When I show this to you, what do you think? Do you want it? Nope. Nah. No. Why? Dumb. It's dumb? Yeah. Okay, uh, hold on a second, guys. I just got a call. Hello? Oh, yes sir. Really? Oh my god, yeah, I'll let them know. Sorry, guys. That was the President calling. And he just told me that owning this toy is now the only proof you're not a baby. Well, I mean, I have one. So that's good. Are you guys babies? Or... Nope. Nah. Well you don't have the toy, so you must be a baby. Unless you have it, then you're not. Oh, okay, so now... You two aren't babies, but are you a baby? Are you a baby? No. Well, you don't have the toy. What do you think about kids that don't have the toy? Mm, sad. Weird. Sad? Weird. Why? Because they're a baby. The strategy worked even better than I had hoped. So I rebranded the toy's packaging and brought it to Mark, to see what he thought. It's horrible. I mean, what specifically? Uh, kid in a diaper? With, um, children pointing at him? If this is the best you've got, you're awful. I mean, I'm putting a lot of effort and resources into trying to sell... Well you're not... It's less-- You're not good at what you do. Um, you're not good at what you do. Working with Mark was about as much fun as playing with his toys. But I was convinced I could win him over if I showed him results. So I wrote and shot a professional TV commercial for the Doinkit, that was guaranteed to get kids to buy it. If you are between the ages of three and eight, please listen closely. Owning a Doinkit is now the only proof that you are not a baby. (baby crying) If you don't have this toy, People will think you wear diapers, and cry all the time. (babies crying) Everybody will think you sleep in a crib, and drink from a bottle, if you don't have one of these. (children taunting) And whenever you speak, all people will hear is, "Goo goo, ga ga." (babies crying) So tell your mom or dad to buy you a Doinkit. Because otherwise, as far as anyone's concerned, you're a baby. Oh, it can also be used as a toy ball. Cut. (claps) Nice. It was perfect. But when I tried to buy ad time on a local station, You're lying to the kids, and saying that they're a baby if they don't have this toy. They said a commercial like this would never make it on TV. And that meant, I needed a new approach. So I convinced a local toy store to carry the Doinkit, by offering to provide them with a Santa, free of charge, for the approaching holiday season. But what they didn't know, is that Santa was my old pal, James Bailey, who I could trust to make sure that every kid would be asking for a Doinkit for Christmas. And with James in place... Santa! it was time to sell some Doinkits. Do you know what you'd like to have for Christmas? Um, I would really want an Ever after high doll. Why? That-- That-- That tells me that you must be a baby. Are you a baby? No. See all these people making fun of the boy? So, we don't want people to think that you're a baby, and the only way you can prove that, is if you have a Doinkit toy. Okay. The plan was working great. I need this, so... You're gonna get this? One of the girls that-- at my school, she's mean to me. She's mean to you? Oh, that's not good. I wonder if that's because she might think you're a baby, because you don't have a Doinkit. (beep) Well, that must mean you wear diapers. No, I don't wear diapers anymore. 'cause I don't wanna be a baby, I said! (beep, beep) Just doesn't seem like something Santa should be saying, that kids are gonna look like babies. Well that's, that's your opinion. Despite a couple uptight parents, the Doinkit was the top-selling toy of the day. But when I went back to Mark with the good news, he still didn't get it. That was horrible advice and awful graphics, terrible design... No, but it did work. Unprofessional... Okay. You never proved that it worked. We did get sales. In life, not everyone will see your vision. But it's important to always take the high road. And sometimes the best way to brighten spirits, is with a gift. (laughs) This is you. But the biggest difference between me and Mark, is that when I play with toys, I win. "Hi, I'm Marky. "I'm an idiot business man with a small dick. "I have no idea how much I hurt other people's feelings. "And I'm the laughingstock of my industry." Last season on my show, I helped a private investigator, named Brian Wolfe, by giving him a positive review on Yelp. I don't give a flying [bleep] about Yelp, okay? But when I recently visited Brian, he told me something that came as a shock. When I was on your show, um, I've received a lot of phone calls from different production companies, and-- and personally, right now, I have my own reality show. It's true. Brian got his own show on the Discovery Channel, after I made him a star. But I got nothing from this deal. So, worried that more people from my show would be poached for their own reality series, I went through the entire first season, to see if there were any other potential candidates. And that's when I remembered Simon, a professional security guard, with one major weakness. Double "D" breasts are essential for you? It's gotta be-- It's gotta be substantial. His story had all the ingredients for a reality hit. So I called Simon into my office, because if he was gonna get his own series, I wanted to produce it. So, Simon. How do you feel about pitching a reality show about you? Wow. That's pretty big. I would-- I would definitely be interested in that. To me, it's the perfect concept. You're a security guard who's very good at his job, but there's only one thing that distracts you. Right. Which is? Uh, yeah. Girls with uh, big-- big, uh, breasts. Simon was in. So we spent the next hour coming up with some potential storylines for our series. Let's say a situation where I was working security in a store, and, um, a woman walked in, like, almost every day, who was very pretty, but had small breasts. And then, like maybe a week later, she walked in, um, and she had uh, larger breasts. And I could tell that she'd had implants, you know. That could be, that could be, like one-- th-- one-- That could be one show. You know an episode of TV is a half an hour long, right? Right. Okay. We brainstormed a few more ideas, and after shooting a short demo presentation, I set up a pitch meeting with one of the biggest reality show producers in the country, for later that week. So we'll check back with this in a bit. But first... It's a tough time to be in the movie theater biz. With most of the ticket sales going to the people that make the movies, theaters like Whittier Village Cinemas, in Whittier, California, have to rely on snack sales to scrape by. The concession's where you're gonna make money. that's all we are, is one giant-- A movie theater's just one giant concession stand. So I paid theater manager, Erik Chaffino, a visit, with a simple way to instantly double his profits. It seems like, oftentimes, one person will buy popcorn, Uh-huh. and then two people will share it. Yeah. Pretty much every-- 95% of the customers will share. But not anymore. The plan: force each customer to buy their own concession item with a new rule: no sharing allowed. Hmm. Do you think the customers are gonna treat-- take that well? You know, if Edison was worried about his candle customers, he would have never invented the light bulb. True, true. It takes a little bit of courage to be the first one out there to change something, so... And this could be, kind of, of that caliber. Yeah, like you said, uh, Thomas Jefferson would, if he was caring about the-- his candle... Edison. Edison, thank you. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah, so, yeah... What Edison did with the candles, you know? If he was afraid of that, he wouldn't have invented, you know, light bulbs, and so... Right. Erik was in. So the next day, after prepping the staff, we put the new policy into effect. Can I have a small popcorn, please? You guys can't be sharing, so, do you guys want two small popcorns? Shhh--uh, sure. It seemed to be working, as some people were adjusting their orders, and buying a second item. One per each. (both) Thank you. There you go, enjoy. But as more customers arrived, I became worried that people were trying to get around the policy. Okay. And when I looked inside the theater, my suspicions were confirmed. So I discreetly had to remind people that they were in violation of theater rules. I'm sorry, we can't-- we can't have you sharing. I saw you sharing. I saw him take some. Did you have any? 'cause it's all over your shirt, here... Okay, can I-- j-- I'm sorry, do you mind if I... smell your fingers? (sniffs) Okay, so it smells like popcorn? He did, so he did. It's basically stealing from the theater, when you do that. It was too easy to cheat, and without a good way to monitor what was going on inside the theater, it was impossible for the no-sharing policy to be enforced. So before the evening rush, I set up several night-vision cameras at the front of the theater, enabling us to view any people that decided to share from monitors I set up in the back room. And while training the staff, I learned that the cameras might be useful to the theater for another purpose, as well. It's usually, it's like older, like, um, middle-aged men going to like a kid's movie by themselves, late at night. But we've never actually, like, caught somebody... Oh, okay. Mid-process. So this could work for popcorn-sharers. And-- And perverts. I was happy it could serve a dual purpose, but since all the camera angles were currently set up to catch people sharing snacks, I had Frank help me adjust the angles, to make sure they could also spot theater perverts, no matter where they were sitting. A little higher up. And as we perfected the camera's vantage point, I got to know a little bit more about this town I was in. So what's life like in Whittier? There's a-- quite a few parks, that are cool. Um, Ronald Reagan went to high school here. College... I think it has the most trees? In any city? Variety of trees... Wow. I didn't know that. Once the cameras were all set, I got in place for the next showing. And what I saw, shocked me. Share. Boom. Gotcha. That's premeditated sharing. They're just shameless. They just keep doing it. It's just like no one is even-- everyone is sharing. Knowing that this behavior would only continue without some sort of consequence, after the screening was over, I led two of the perpetrators into the back room, to make an example of them. Uh, this right here is our, uh, monitoring system. And you guys were sharing. Mm-hmm. Because of that, that means you-- you have to go up on the board. What board? The... "popcorn sharing and theaters... Uh-huh. This is a violations board. Well, I don't think... I mean, we shared popcorn. We weren't m*st*rb*t*ng there. No. It's not you, that's for when we catch someone else. Oh. We just have one board for both. Okay, well you need to make two separate boards, 'cause I ain't gonna be a masturbator up there. These cork boards are like $20. So, we'd have to buy two, if it was for-- and a separate one for masturbators. So we just made it one board. Well, you guys run a theater. You should be able to afford two boards. Okay, thank you for that feedback. And we might take it in... Yeah. to account. With a punishment in place, I was hopeful it would curb violators. But the one thing I found out about Whittier, is that people were just flat-out rude. I don't mind being on the board. Because I'll share, and share, and share. On top of that, when I finally showed Erik the system, he wasn't as excited as I had hoped. May not be for this theater. It may not be what we need. Okay. It was a hard blow, having two businesses reject my ideas in one week made me sad. My only hope was that my pitch with Simon would turn things around. It was the day of our big pitch. And Simon and I nervously waited in the lobby for our meeting. Before getting into the pitch, it might be good to start off with, you know, some Hollywood chitchat, or... Right. Make 'em aware that you-- you know-- you know the industry. Yeah. A little small talk. Yeah. Yeah, okay. With Simon prepped, we met with reality TV producer Brant Pinvidic to see if we could land a deal for our new reality show. Do you remember that movie Captain Phillips? I do. Yeah, I heard that the, uh, Somali actor who played the, uh, who played the part of one of the pirates, I heard that he's almost broke-- broke right now, so... Tough. Yeah. Tough business. Yeah, it is. It's not all glamour. After Simon established his industry cred, we cued up our show for Brant. Here we go. "My name is Simon Kellogg, (gun shots) and I'm a professional security guard. My job requires constant focus, and split-second response time. (sound of alarm) "Nothing can keep me from focusing on my duty, except for one thing... A crippling obsession with large breasts. This is my story. This is Simon Sees." Every morning, I wake up about 7:00 a.m. or 7:15 a.m., and then I usually have a glass of water that I put on the bedside table the night before. Then I make my bed, and then I go into the bathroom and I, uh, shave, brush my teeth, and take a shower. Next, I come back into my bedroom, and, if it's a work day, I put on my security uniform. Uh, usually my socks first, and then my pants, and then my undershirt, and then my security shirt. I usually don't do up my pants until I have my shirts on, because it's easier to tuck my shirts in, after I've had my pants on. Then I go into my kitchen, and I usually have, uh, breakfast, and sometimes a cup of coffee. Today, for breakfast, I made a Hot Pockets sandwich, because it tasted better than eating cereal. Then the microwave sounded, and I knew my Hot Pockets was done, so I took it out of the microwave. My trick is to take, uh, the first bite, and then open the sandwich a little bit, and then I blow on the inside, uh, to cool it down. And then after I finished eating the Hot Pockets sandwich, I, uh, rinsed off my plate, and put it on the dish drainer. Then I leave the house and go to work. Today I was assigned to work at a jewelry store in Chatsworth. I always try to be honest about things, so whenever I start a new job, I always try to let the owner know about me, so there will be no surprises. There is just one thing that I think you should know about... Um, sometimes I get distracted by women with big chests, um, you know, I might be looking at them, or something, But I, I-- I-- I-- Okay, this is something we really don't need to discuss, I believe. Okay. After I briefed him, I got in to my position and started working. I like to stand by the door, so I can see everybody who's coming in, and watch for any suspicious people. I noticed that there was a female employee, Uh, she was Asian, and in her-- in her early to mid 30s. But she was not a distraction, because she did not have large breasts. Then, about 20 or 30 minutes later, I heard the door open, and I saw a customer walk in. And I noticed it was a woman with large breasts. If a robbery happened then, I would proba-- probably be so distracted by the woman, that I would probably not even notice it. While the woman was in the store, I just kept thinking about all the things I'd like to do with her. How I'd like to get naked with her, and start to, uh, start to hold her breasts, and, uh, massage them. And then, um, to use my hands and try to uh, try to rock them. And, uh, massage them. That's super, super pretty. I really like that. Well, when I get into this state, time stands still or it kinda like, slows down, uh, uh, to a-- to an almost-stopping point. I mean, I have a little bit of a sense of time. I know that time is moving, but it's movinga very, very slowly. When she left, I opened the door for her, And said, "Good-bye, have a nice day." Thank you, have a good day. You too, thank you. It allows me to get one last glance A-- a-- at her, as she leaves. I think they were probably "D" or double "D". After, when there was a break in the customers, I felt the need to go to my employer and explain my situation to him. Um, I don't know if you're aware of this, but a little while ago, a young woman came in who had a very big chest, and, um, I couldn't help but look at her, and I-- I got a little distracted, I don't know if you... Um, I don't know that this should be something that we keep bringing up, Simon. I'm just concerned why you keep bringing it up. I don't think it's necessary to talk about it, as long as you can do your job. Okay. Okay? Well I promise I won't let myself get distracted again. Okay. Okay. I think the experience changed me for the better, because it helped me realize that it was pretty embarrassing to talk about that, so, um, next time I probably won't tell my boss about being distracted at work by women with large breasts. (chuckles) Uh, uh listen. It's well shot, it's well put together, um, the idea that you can't do your job with large breasts floating around is a funny hook. Yeah. Uh, the biggest limitation, of course, is that there's nowhere to sell it. Well, I think that a lot of people-- not just security guards, a lot of men-- when they watch this, they would probably feel a little less... Right. like it was a perversion, and more of a natural thing, You know? Yeah. Right. Right, so it's humanizing it. Yeah. In your current form, I'm gonna have to say no, I'm sorry. It's a pass. And pass means that... No. Right. I was upset that we couldn't sell the show. But I felt even worse that I let down Simon, after getting his hopes up. Are you sad? A little bit. I really was hoping that he liked the show. But Simon showed a quality that day, that you rarely see in people: perseverance. He's probably a little bit-- a little bit out of touch with the mainstream audience in America, I think. I think we should keep the breasts part, and maybe, uh, maybe also include me in my Elvis costume. Do you have an Elvis costume? Yes. Simon didn't want to give up on our show. And even though it was obvious that the Elvis costume would only make things worse, his spirit made me realize that Simon would be fine, no matter what life threw at him. (rock music) (clapping) That was great. Okay.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ This is Nathan for You. Women make up some of the prettiest humans in the world, and for online dating websites like Dating DNA those long-haired angels are a prize to be won. CEO Kevin Carmony admits that attracting more female users to his site is the key to growth. 'cause right now we're probably 65% men, 35% women. But to do this you need a thorough understanding of how the female brain works. So I paid Kevin a visit at his penthouse suite in Irvine, California, to share my expertise. The main reason most women are afraid to use online dating is because they think the person they meet up with could potentially be a killer and murder them. Um, I don't know that that's a big reason that women don't sign up for dating sites. We haven't had women contacting us, "Hey, I met this guy on your site and he was a creep and this and that happened." We have enough-- Well, you might not hear from those women because... I don't think that is the-- It's certainly a concern. The solution is Daddy's watching. Okay. Up until age 18, most women have a daddy keeping tabs on any man she goes out with. But once she gets bigger, Daddy's no longer around, but danger still is. So if Dating DNA offered a security service where female users could request to have someone secretly watch over their first dates, the website would quickly become the obvious choice for women looking to date online because they know that Daddy's watching. Eh... Seems a little condescending to me to women that Daddy has to take care of you and Daddy's watching-- I-I don't know-- Now before you say anything, you know, it might not be good on camera to say anything bad about an idea that makes women safer. Yes, but-- You don't wanna look like you're not trying to make women feel safe. Yeah. And so that's something that might-- may make a woman feel more secure, certainly. Kevin loved my idea. But before he could offer it to his users, I needed to develop official guidelines for how the Daddy's watching system would work. So I found a Dating DNA user, Kamarin, who agreed to let me try out the service on one of her first dates. So your date will be arriving soon, and because we're trying this out for today, I'll be your daddy. Okay. And we also have some branding kinda elements we're trying to incorporate. So if you're ever in fear at any time during your date, just yell out, "Daddy, Daddy, come over now. "Save my life. You made a vow." Sounds good? So do you want to practice that or-- What would happen if I just yelled, "Help"? Like, what's the significance in me-- Well, if I just hear, "Help," you know, that could be anyone. But the Daddy rhyme, I know it's you. Cool. All right. All right. Thank you, Nate. Nathan. Nathan. Yeah, you can call me Nate. All right. (awkward chuckle) All right. Whatever. Thank you. Either way... All right. It's casual. With Kamarin prepped, I got into position out front of her building. And knowing what her date looked like, I had a method to covertly vet him before he picked her up. Hey, man, could you do me a favor? I'm just moving out of my building. Would you be able to take a photo of me in front of my building? Um, yeah. Is that cool? Yeah. Oh, I guess I packed my camera. I thought I had it on me. Do you happen to have like a knife, or any weapon, anything sharp I could open the box with... I can do it with a key. Gun or-- Oh, key? Okay. Where you headed? Oh, really? Cool, thanks. Yeah, women, huh? Sometimes you wanna kiss 'em, other times you just wanna wring their necks, you know what I mean? You feel that way? Like sometimes you wanna kiss 'em, other times you wanna wring their necks. You wouldn't? But sometimes, you know, when a girl says no she really means yes, right? Yeah? You're not a s*x offender or anything? Okay. All right, yeah. Have a good day. Cody seemed okay at first but just to be safe, I preserved his fingerprints from the camera so I could give them to the authorities in case things took a turn for the worse. Moments later, they left for their date at the bowling alley, and I was sure to follow close behind. Once they arrived, they started their game and got to know each other. Where are you from? I'm originally from Anaheim. I live in Westwood now. And from a distance, it looked as though things were off to a good start. But in case something were to happen, I had a method that allowed me to be right next to them, and completely invisible at the same time. Disguised as a female bowler in religious garb, I was able to be within earshot of Kamarin and her date. Ready to split things up if his strike celebrations got a little too touchy. Fortunately, that wasn't required. Cody seemed like a genuinely good guy, and I could tell Kamarin felt safe As she really began to open up. If two planes brought down the two towers... Uh-huh? I could see that as being feasible. Okay. But what brought down building number seven? Building seven. My method was working perfectly, and after Cody returned her home unharmed, I went inside to see if Kamarin felt as good as I did about the service. Do you feel like you felt safe and everything? Yeah. Feel pretty secure. You didn't know it was me, right? No. Not at all. Yeah, so... That shows that I guess it worked pretty well. Yeah. The Daddy's watching system was a total success. But for it to work with Dating DNA I'd need to build a staff of trained daddies who'd be as trustworthy as I am. So I put up some fliers that offered security work. And the next day, I met with the one guy who responded to my ad. What would you do in this scenario? You're protecting the woman and the guy tries to kiss her. I'm gonna drop him. What does that-- If I do it hard enough, right here, and right in the glands for your windpipe, I push hard enough to-- like this. For about thirt-- For about three seconds-- four, I can put you out. Cool. Or back here, right here. Underneath the lobe. But you have to go like that (thwack) back here by the lobe to get it. You know, it puts you out for about 30 seconds. This one here puts you out for about a minute. So you know lots of moves. I know a couple, yeah. Mark seemed qualified for the job, but I still needed to see him in action. So I arranged the service for another Dating DNA user, and brought Mark with me to her home to see if he could handle his first real job as a daddy. How you doing, Polly? Good, thank you. So Mark will be your daddy. Okay. And he will be following you and watching you from a distance. So just so you know, we've given Mark all your personal information. Your address, your name, photographs, your social. So if you go missing, he knows how to track you down. Okay. All right, so, yeah. Have a fun night, and uh, yeah. Thank you. (door thuds closed) I've watched people before, so... Never had a problem. Okay. I'm gonna protect you, watch you all the time. Make sure-- I won't keep my eyes off you at all. I'll protect you, make sure you get home. And I will tuck you in bed. I'm just gonna tuck you in bed, and I'm gone. And make it clear that I come tuck you in. Okay. Mark made Polly feel safe, and that meant I could now return to Kevin and give him everything he needed to implement the Daddy's watching system nationwide. It felt so good to help a struggling business. But I left that day knowing that I also helped make the world a safer place. Hey, I just-- I moved away from here. If you don't mind-- you give me a couple seconds. I just wanted--take a picture 'cause I moved. Oh, um, I don't have a camera. Camera's in here. Sorry? Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, come here. Oh, it's fine. Stay right here. No, come here. Whoop. I assume most of you are impressed by how much I accomplish every week on my show. Which is why I get so many people asking me how I stay so productive. Well, the secret is finding that one thing that motivates you more than anything else. And for me that thing is fear of embarrassment. When I need to stay motivated to complete a task, such as writing my first screenplay-- a passion project I've been working on-- I'll often set up a camera and take a photo of myself in an embarrassing position, like posing as the meat in a human hot dog. I'll then print out the photo and place it in an envelope addressed to my grandma, someone who I'd never want to see me this way. Next, I'll hand-deliver the shameful photo to a nearby notary who I instruct to mail it out if, and only if, I don't show proof of my completed screenplay in two weeks time. With the real pressure of disappointing my grandma upon me, my ability to focus on my work goes way up. And I find I'm able to complete my goals in record time. Then all it takes is presenting my completed work to the notary to reclaim my letter. Thank you so much. It's been surprisingly effective in motivating me, and I wondered if this technique could help others as well. So I put an ad on Craigslist seeking people who are trying to lose weight-- something a lot of Americans struggle with-- and I got several responses from people who claim to have tried everything. I've got horrible eating habits. So I lose weight then gain weight, lose weight-- It's hard for me to even find a diet that's something that I would stick to. So it was time to see if fear of embarrassment could work for them. Who's someone in your life you wouldn't want to look bad in front of? I guess my kids. What's something that you think you wouldn't want them to see? That I... was having an affair or something and was going to leave their mom. So what would be the photo? If that were the line I was going down, it'd probably have to be like me in bed with another woman that wasn't my wife. Fred decided the best motivator for him to lose weight would be a photo of him having an affair. So I had him pose in a bed with a model I hired and took a photo to make it look like he was caught cheating on his wife. Then I put it in an envelope addressed to his children that would be sent out if he didn't shed 5 pounds over the next two weeks. I tailored similar motivators for each of the other participants. Gina, a schoolteacher, agreed that a letter to her principal that reads, "I'm a little baby and I love to pee and poo," accompanied by a photo of her giving two middle fingers, would be sufficient incentive for her to drop those pounds. Trici, a legal assistant, decided that addressing an embarrassing photo to one of the lawyers at her firm would help her out. And George, a retired war veteran, thought my approach would actually work for him. I like that situation. You would do this? I would do that. Absolutely. Really? Yeah. Okay. Well, do you want me to get the costume? Yeah. Okay. Let's do it. And after getting George dressed up as the human hot dog, I snapped his photo... Okay, look over here. (lens clicks) .. then printed out a copy for him to address to his mother, someone he didn't want to embarrass himself in front of. That would wake her up, yeah. Definitely. And after weighing each of them in, I gave them two weeks to lose 5 pounds. So we'll check in later to see how they did. But first... Veronique Assouline is one of Beverly Hills' premiere party planners. And she has big hopes of taking her company, Veronique Events, to the next level. My wish is to be a bigger company with a lot of artistic directors and, you know, a whole crew. But to do this, she's going to need something that makes her different than everyone else. So I paid Veronique a visit to see if I could help. Hey. (dog yips) Oh, jeez-- When someone's having a party, the biggest stress comes from who to invite. Absolutely. I mean, sometimes There are just people you don't want to invite. Yes. But you don't want them to know you didn't invite them Because then they'll hate you. But you don't want them to know that you don't like them. Right? Yeah. But the thing is, you have to make choices. But maybe you don't. These days, most party invitations are sent as a digital invite through email. So if it was possible to develop a technology that could send certain people's invites directly to their spam folder, Veronique's clients could invite everyone they know to a party, while guaranteeing their undesired guest won't show up. And if confronted after the event by that guest, they could simply say, "I did invite you. Did you check your spam?" That is a ga-- great trick. I mean, as the only party planner to provide this service, you would get everyone wanting you to plan their party. You know, I want to see how it works. I would love to have this information. And then if I have the use, yes. Why not using it? Before Veronique could offer this service to her clients, I'd first need to create the technology to make it work. So I hired a software engineer named Chris, who built me a custom invitation system to execute my idea. All right, so this is the invitation form. Right. And then on this side you enter the emails with your desired guests and your undesired guests. So the emails in here go where? The desired guests emails will be sent to the inbox. But with the undesired guests I just put a whole bunch of spam words in that email, sent it through a foreign server that was located in russia. So that makes it go to spam-- Yeah. So that makes it go to spam. And what words did you use? Um, I used "Viagra", "pen1s", "pen1s enlargements", I put everything from 1-inch pen1s all the way to 10-inch pen1s. Why 1-inch pen1s? Uh, because it's just more to put in there. 'cause I've seen spam for like, 8-inch pen1s, 9-- Yeah. But I've never seen someone-- a spam email say, like, "Do you want a 1-inch pen1s?" (laughs) But yeah. It seems like you did a good job. Yeah. Chris sent a test invite to my email and it seemed to work great with the hidden keywords directing it straight to my spam folder. There it is. So the next day, I returned to Veronique to show her what I had developed. (dog yips shrilly) Oh! Oh, sorry, sorry. Jesus Christ. The program will add hidden words to those emails that will make them go directly to spam. Oh. There's "pen1s", "rolex"-- I mean the idea is-- Uh, "pen1s enlargement"... Oh. "Viagra", "8-inch pen1s", "9-inch pen1s", "10-inch pen1s", "11-inch pen1s"... Good. "Viagra pen1s"-- I mean, I don't need to know exactly-- Is it important for me to know all this information? If any of your clients ask, you should know. No, nobody would be interested. Well, some people might want to know how it works. It's interesting science. Veronique was impressed. But in order to show her the psychological impact my system would have, I decided to throw a small party at my place and put someone that I know on the undesired guest list. For this, I chose Salomon, who works on my show, because I knew it would hurt his feelings if he found out he wasn't invited. So after sending the invites, I headed home to prepare for my party. My plan was to take photos of the event, and then post them online so Salomon would see he missed out on a really fun party. Unfortunately, the few desired guests I invited said they couldn't make it on such short notice. But I still felt Veronique and I were enough to have a party. Do you... speak French, Or is it just the accent you do? No, I speak French. Oh, okay. And I don't want to be rude, but I really have to leave soon so... With Veronique on the verge of leaving, I was hopeful the entertainment I hired would turn things around-- a professional Bill Gates impersonator who I'd worked with in the past. It's really great to be here. There's nothing like a party. You know, uh... You work hard all your life, especially trying to get Microsoft working. I mean, Microsoft. What would we have done without it? In the office days-- older office days, in the '80s, you had big computers in a room. I mean, enormous. And look at the technology now. It takes a inventive mind To run and invent... this Microsoft. And I'm very happy. (awkward applause) After Bill's performance the party had reached its peak, so the only thing left to do was take some photos of the event before Veronique had to go. And after an hour of getting to know the man behind Bill Gates-- Why were you circumcised twice? Well, the first time, um... there was a problem with the foreskin. I wrapped things up, and the next day, I posted my party pics on Facebook, where I was sure Salomon would see them. With everything in place, It was now time to test the impact of my idea. So I brought Veronique into the office for her to see it all unfold. Why didn't you come? Uh, didn't know about it. (laughs) Oh, really? Yeah, I didn't know about it. I invited you. I didn't see the... You check your spam? I'm gonna check right now. Yeah, it went to, uh, spam. Oh... That's too bad. Did you think for a sec that I didn't invite you or-- Yeah, I thought. Yes. You thought I didn't invite you. Yes. But really... It was the email's fault. It was the email's fault, yeah. All right. Cool. Well, catch you later then. Okay. Huh? Good. Pretty good, huh? Yep. So he thought at first I didn't like him. Yeah. But then he realized, "Oh, it was just the email's fault." Yeah. And he didn't come to the party. Yeah. So you going to use it or... I mean, let me check first, on a few-- You saw his reaction, right? Yeah, the reaction--I mean-- Pretty good. The reaction was what you expect on paper but, um... Yes, exactly. Yeah. Thank you very much. Oh, did you want a hug or anything or... No, it's okay, I'm good. Okay. Thank you very much I'll see you later. Bye. It's been two weeks since Gina, Trici, Fred and George committed to losing weight using fear of embarrassment. So it was finally time to come back to the office to see if they each met their goal of losing 5 pounds. Before, Fred, you were 270. Now you're 257. You lost 13 pounds. Wow. I don't believe it. That's wild. I was blown away. My method seemed to help everyone meet their goal, except for one person. Oh, my God. Traci was a pound shy of the 5 we agreed upon. I thought I lost it. And that meant I had to uphold my end of the bargain, and send her embarrassing photo to an attorney at the law firm she worked at. My God. So the next day, I met Trici at her office to give her emotional support as she hand-delivered her letter to one of the firm's founding partners. I wanna introduce you to a friend of mine. This is Nathan. Hi, Nathan. Hi. Good to see you. This is Michael. Good to meet you. The attorney that works in our office, in our firm. What's your relationship with-- with her? Well, Trici's been involved in a new type of weight loss program. Oh. Unfortunately, she didn't meet her recent goal, and she has something that she needs to show you. But before she does, I just want you to promise me that you won't pass any judgment on her. Oh, yeah. Okay. So Trici, did you want to... Yes. You want me to show him? Well, it's your thing. It's not me. This is it. Okay. Wow. Wow. I see what you mean. This-- Uh, okay. Um... Well, let me say this. To submit something like this... Mm-hmm. to a Jewish member of the firm-- a long-standing member here for 35 years-- is very hard for me to think kindly of you or to give you the benefit of the doubt. At first, Michael didn't seem to get it. But after some explaining, he could finally accept Trici's approach. It's a tactic to get me to lose weight, to help me to motivate me to lose weight. Anyone that did hate Jews wouldn't care about that photo being sent out. So you're saying these are not your sentiments? Sir, clearly, I'm letting you know I do not hate Jews. Okay. And I'm sorry if I came... She really-- under the wrong pretenses to you-- Okay. If it's for weight loss And she explained it clearly, like she did a few minutes ago-- Mm-hmm. then I would accept it. It's a motivator.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ This is Nathan for you. Andy Farshidian is the president of Andy O.C. Taxi Company, and he blames all his troubles on one thing. Trendy ride-sharing programs, like Uber, have been grabbing headlines lately and caused taxi companies like Andy's to take a big hit. I want to be honest with you. I'm very broke. You know what I mean? Very broke. So I paid him a visit with a guaranteed way to get his company back in the spotlight. The ride-share programs, you know, are screwing you, right? Right. You know, they took lots of the customers from cab business. And you need to get the attention that they're getting. And the way to do that is to give free rides to pregnant women. How this connected to the, you know, success in the cab business? Every time a baby is born in a taxicab, it becomes a huge news story. So if Andy did a special promotion where he offered free rides to women who were pregnant, it would only be a matter of time until the miracle of life happened in an O.C. Taxi cab. The plan-- increase the odds of a backseat birth with free rides for the pregnant. I never had the-- I never thought about this. You just do it till you get one. Then you'll get all this press. Yeah, that would be great. I-I should ask. Your cabs are clean, right? Yeah, sure. Andy was on board. Now I needed to get pregnant women aware of the promotion, so I approached a yoga studio that offers prenatal classes and asked them to get the word out to their students. And that would be great if you could push this. Why only in their third trimester? That more is-- has to do with our marketing needs. Got it. And within a few days, we started getting calls. So I headed out with one of Andy's drivers, Armen, and while we waited for our first customer, I got to know him a little bit. So do you have any secrets? (laughs) Yeah, I have secrets, but... When I told you, that is a not secret. Hmm. Fair enough. Bad secrets? I think, yeah. Yeah? I think. And moments later, it was time to start giving rides to pregnant women. So how far along are you? I'm 30-- 37 weeks. (chuckles) So any-- anytime soon. Anytime. But with a woman who is nine months pregnant now in the backseat, the reality of what I was doing began to set in. I hadn't taken any safety precautions at all. And if a woman were to have a baby in here, would Armen, with all those secrets, be fit to deliver it? And that made me realize there might be a better way to do this. It occurred to me that a hatchback taxi and a hospital birthing table have very similar qualities, and a hybrid of the two could be the solution I needed. Throw in sterile conditions and a medical professional to deliver the baby, and I'd have a completely safe birthing option that would be even more headline-worthy because it's never been done before. So I put an ad on Craigslist seeking pregnant women that hadn't yet decided their birth plans, and within a few days, I got a response from a woman named Shante who was seven months pregnant. The way I see it is a cab that would be at your house or very close to your house. Okay. I'd want everything to be completely sanitized in a way that's just as safe, if not safer, than a hospital. I'm-- I'm not opposed to it. I mean, I-I think I would probably, uh, need to think about it more and discuss it with my-- my boyfriend. I mean, in a way, you and your son would be famous. Yeah-- Well, yeah. Yeah. Shante was surprisingly intrigued, and I was stoked that this might actually happen. So I went back to Andy to bring him up to speed. I actually found a woman who potentially might be willing to give birth in one of your taxicabs. Oh, really? Yeah. How much she ask-- she ask? We haven't talked about money or anything. Oh. But I only want to do this if it can be done completely safely. I try to be safe. You're not just saying that right now, right? 'cause I'll walk out right now. No, don't walk. I-- For me, safety is number one. I assure you. I assure you. Okay, 'cause I see dollar signs in your eyes. I know, but one-- one eye is dollar sign, one eye is safety. So dollar in one eye. Dollar in one eyes and babies in the other eyes. It just is a baby. Just a baby sign, yeah. What does the baby look like? Looks like a small, cute baby with a smile. Good. All right. Okay. Thank you so much. Sure, man. Safety first. Of course, safety first, baby second. Okay. With Andy on board, the next step was finding a location for the taxi birth to take place. So I rented a warehouse near Shante's house and had one of Andy's taxis brought there to be the birthing vehicle. Next, to make sure the birth happened safely, I hired someone who'd be able to deliver the baby. You're a midwife. I'm a student midwife. You're a student midwife. Exactly. Okay. So you're not quite, but you pretty much know the same stuff. Mm-hmm. And she assured me that doing it in a taxi would be no problem. We're used to moms giving birth wherever. But just trusting the word of a student midwife was a risk I wasn't willing to take. So before showing this to Shante, I had a licensed obstetrician, Dr. Manzer S. Kuraishi, come in to ensure that Kim was fully qualified to handle this birth. If you went in and checked out the midwife, you think you would be able to tell if she knew what she was doing or not? I can ask basic questions and see if she responds appropriately. Not wanting to offend Kim by questioning her expertise, I had the doctor dress up as a car mechanic, so he could secretly vet her to see if she was up to snuff. When you go in... Mm-hmm. You're a mechanic that's just there to check out the car. That's fine. Okay. You still sound maybe a little bit smart. I don't know if there's a way you could put on a more, like, average Joe accent or something. I guess I can try to be more, uh, run-of-the-mill. Yo, I'm here to just check out the car. Uh, I'm here to check out the car. The cah. The car. Da cah. Da cah, yeah. I'm here to check out the cah. Yeah, that's great. You think that's gonna be better than just using-- Yeah, I think it'll help make you seem like more of a mechanic. All right. Okay. Okay. Great. With the doctor all set, I brought him inside to meet Kim. This is Teddy here. How you doing? Hi, Teddy. I'm here to check out the car. Okay. Teddy's a native from Brooklyn, New York. Okay. So... I'm looking for the accent. I've been listening for the accent. Yeah. Comes and goes. I used to live in Brooklyn. No. Where? What part-- What part are you from? The North Side. North side of Brooklyn? Yeah. Well, anyways, what do you got going here? Our covert plan was working, as Dr. Kuraishi was able to subtly slide in medical questions without Kim suspecting a thing. Man, I'm from Brooklyn. I'd rather have a pizza. I don't know about that, but what-- what happens if she does need one of those epidural things? And once he got all he needed, he completed his inspection of the car... Looks good. and met me outside, where I awaited his report. For the majority of deliveries, it would be absolutely fine. You think so? Yeah. Because the majority of deliveries happen naturally. Dr. Kuraishi's evaluation gave me confidence in my plan. Now all I needed was for Shante to say yes. The day had finally arrived, and with the birthing vehicle medically sound, I had a P.A. come in early to sterilize the warehouse. Now it was time to see if I could convince Shante and her boyfriend, Damian, to have their firstborn child in an Andy O.C. Taxi Cab. Pretty great, huh? Hmm. As you can see, it's... Wow. Completely done up. Totally different. Wow, totally different. Wow. After explaining to them how it would all work, I eagerly awaited the couple's decision. The-- The idea-- Everything is great. But now that I actually see the finished product, I feel like I'm not 100%. Yeah. Is it 'cause there's not enough towels or... No. Actually-- Actually, I love the towels. Oh, okay. Great. The towels are actually-- No, it's not that. It's just that if-- if everything was, you know, to be set up like an actual hospital-- I was surprised that Shante and Damian were having cold feet. Fortunately, I had a plan "B." At the end of the day, we can't forget who this is all about. Yeah. Uh, Andy, who's the owner of the O.C. Taxi Company. Oh. So before you leave, I do think, you know, you should hear from him. Okay. With the couple on the brink of walking away, my only hope was a plea from the man who needed their help the most. So it was now in Andy's hands to win them over. I had a sign, you know, in my cab a for long, long time, and I never use it, you know? And when you have your baby come out, the first thing he or she open their eyes, I have that sign for that kids. And the sign says what? It says, "You are cute." You are cute? Cute. She or he cannot read it. Yeah. But goes on the mind-- goes on the brain and stay there, you know what I mean? Yeah. I think you guys would have to do too much other stuff to accommodate what I'm looking for. Please. But if there's anything else we could do, like, maybe, like, word of mouth. Can you do me a favor and think a little bit more... Andy. Andy. And please give me this chance? Yeah, I think it's just gonna-- we're just gonna have it at the hospital. Oh, I give you 100% guarantee. Andy. Andy. Andy. Anything that you want. No, Andy-- Yeah. Thank you so much, though, for the offer. Yeah. I don't think they want to do it. Give me a minute. Damian and Shante said no, but Andy wouldn't give up. So it's about you? No, it's not about me, no. Well, you sound like it is. This is a good opportunity for you. No. You're trying to convince us, but at the end of the day, it seems like it's all about you. The baby sign was gone from his eyes and replaced with another dollar sign. He was no longer seeing them as human beings, but instead, just a way to get rich. So I had to do what was right and let them go. Please, think again. Andy, okay. You can go. Thank you. It was sad that things didn't work out the way that Andy wanted. But sometimes in business, success also means knowing when to stop. I think what happened today is a perfect example of greed infecting someone's brain, and that infection happened in yours. You're right. You're right. You lost focus, and you forgot what's the most important thing. Human life. What do you think if we looking for another baby? I think we just have to let this one go. Maybe somebody else like it. I-I mean, maybe. You know, I can't guarantee it 100%, you know what I mean? Andy, I respect you so much as a businessman, but I just don't think we see eye to eye as human beings. Okay, good luck, kid. Okay. Best of luck with everything. Okay. Thank you very much. For a business, nothing says success like a line down the block. And for L.A.'s Pink's Hot Dogs, they've got that down pat. But even though things are going well, owners, Gloria and Richard Pink, are always looking to step things up. Any business that isn't improving is falling behind. Yeah, we're always looking for ways to improve the business. The Pinks were clearly crazy about their brand. But when I went undercover to scope things out, I discovered a glaring problem that was keeping them from making even more money. So I paid the couple a visit with a way to attract a new type of customer. I wore a pink shirt today because your name is Pink's. Right. Okay. Right now, the huge line at Pink's is turning off a slew of customers that don't have time to wait. But Richard and Gloria would easily be able to capture those sales with a simple rule change-- line cutting allowed if you're in a hurry. I hate to, like, prejudge it, but customers that saw that someone else got an advantage would probably be upset. I want you guys to know that I'm determined to protect your brand at all costs. All right, so let's see how you do that. Okay. Okay. The Pinks agreed to let me prove my idea to them during the Friday lunch rush. So the next day I placed a sign near the street advertising the new rule. To avoid chaos by everyone saying they were in a rush, I came up with a list of five acceptable reasons for cutting to the front of the line... Doctor's appointment, job interview, picking up a kid from school, funeral, or if you're an air traffic controller who's late for work. The new policy seemed to be attracting customers who were driving by even though most of them didn't qualify for line cutting. Uh, no. But you're not an air traffic controller. But there were several people with legitimate places to be. You have a doctor's appointment today? Yes. And who's your doctor? Dr. Pia. Dr. Pia? Dr. Pia's office. Hi, I'm calling to confirm an appointment for... Jason. Jason... Wolf. Wolf. Yeah, we have Jason coming in at 5:30. Great. Okay, thank you so much. And once I was able to confirm their reason... He has to cut in line. He has a doctor's appointment. Is that okay? Yeah, that's okay. Okay. ...customers could cut to the front of the line without anyone getting angry. As the day went on, the system seemed to be working great. You are going to a funeral. Yeah. Really? Uh-huh. Who's the funeral for? Connie Mendel. A friend of mine. Oh, I'm so sorry for your loss. It's okay. It's okay. But as the lunch rush was winding down, I saw something that disturbed me. One customer that I met earlier said he was in a hurry. I have a doctor's appointment. I forgot. You have a doctor's appointment today? Yes. Mm-hmm. You really do? Mm-hmm. But when I tried to confirm it, he couldn't give me any information. What's your doctor's number or-- I don't have his number. I just-- I don't have it with me. I just have to go at 3:00. Giving him the benefit of the doubt, I allowed him to cut to the front. But now, 45 minutes later, he was still sitting there taking his time. And I began to suspect that he didn't have a doctor's appointment at all. So I told one of my cameramen to secretly follow him to his car, and once he drove off, I followed in close pursuit to see if he was telling the truth. A bit late for the doctor by now, aren't we? Huh. After 30 minutes of tailing him, he led us straight into a lie. He wasn't going to the doctor. He was seeing a movie instead, an excuse that wasn't on my list. It was an unbelievable slap in the face to the Pink's name. So that evening, I returned to the restaurant to see how Gloria wanted to handle this. So he-- he cut in line, got his food, and then later? He went to see a movie. Ah. You know, I think if you don't do something to respond, it could make you, as a brand, look weak. Well... So with your permission, I'd like to take this guy on a boat, and then once he's trapped at sea, teach him a lesson he'll never forget. Whoa. Whoa. That's pretty harsh. After my conversation with Gloria, Richard escorted me out and said that he no longer wanted my help at Pink's. But when I make a promise to a business... I'm determined to protect your brand at all costs. I always keep it. And that meant I had to show this guy on my own what happens when you mess with Pink's. So using the number from his appearance release, I told Jonathan I was calling from the Pink's head office with some exciting news. You, my friend, are the 10 millionth Pink's customer. I am serious. You have won a lobster lunch for one at sea. At sea. Congratulations. Jonathan bought it hook, line, and sinker. So I docked a boat in the San Pedro harbor and then sent a limo with two hired models to keep the ruse going on the way to the sea. I'm so excited to be the 10th millionth customer of Pink's. I love their hot dogs. I'm so excited to represent them. Once Jonathan arrived, I had him right where I needed him, and he was about to learn that taking advantage of Pink's does not go unpunished. Shortly after, we headed out to sea, and Jonathan had no idea that his life was about to change forever. What's your personal tagline? Live life how you want to live it and enjoy it... Mm-hmm. Because no one is gonna-- no one can hurt you. Don't answer to no one. Exactly. Yeah. Do not answer to nobody. Yeah. I'm just so happy that the 10 millionth Pink's customer turned out to be such a selfless and honest guy. Yes. Once we got to deep enough waters, I led Jonathan up to the top deck, where my plan was about to unfold. Have a seat at your own personal table... This is so gorgeous. out at sea. Huh? And here we go. I hope you're hungry for nothing. Now. (gasps) Hiding behind a curtain were four of the people that Jonathan had callously cut in front of to get his hot dog first. You're not the 10 millionth customer. You're here today because I know you didn't have a doctor's appointment. I saw you go into a movie theater. Are you serious? Yes. And these are four people that you cut in front of that you thought you were better than, including a nine-year-old girl. Don't be mad. I just don't understand why you would cut us. I am truly sorry. I'm really not like that. I'm not a liar. I mean, even though I did say that, I was-- I was under a lot of-- I-I just-- He asked us if we wanted to go, and he asked the guy behind us if we had anything on the list, and we both said no. But, you know, I wasn't lying when I said-- And, yes, you were like, "Oh, are you sure? I don't want to do it," and this, that, and the other thing. No, I did not. "Sure, go ahead." 'cause we thought it was a doctor's appointment, and we thought we were being kind to a stranger who was in a hurry and wanted to grab a bite to eat before the doctor's appointment. Now that Jonathan understood how his actions affected others, it was time for his punishment. The initial plan I had in mind was to unload all the passengers except Jonathan into a second boat, and then sink the main boat with Jonathan on it. But my legal department said that this was too unsafe. So I reluctantly agreed on a milder punishment. You have to take a piece of gum from this ordinary pack of gum. What is that? It's just an ordinary pack of gum. I'm not gonna do it. Jonathan, this is not a negotiation. You did something wrong, and your punishment is you have to take a piece of gum from this ordinary pack of gum. Okay. I'm gonna turn around while I do it. Okay. I don't even want to see-- (buzzes) Aah! That hurt. Yes. It wasn't a normal pack of gum. It was Shock Chewing Gum. Now that he had paid for his crime, I wanted to be sure that Jonathan left this boat a better man. Inside all of our anatomies, there's two parts. There's a part that's a liar and a part that's a cool guy. And you're letting the part that's a liar take over your whole body. Deep down inside you, Jonathan, I know there's a good, cool guy. And I feel like if you really work on yourself, within a few years, you could even be the one trapping people on boats. Oh, my lord. Okay. (laughs) You shouldn't be laughing right now. No, but you're so weird. No, Jonathan, I'm not weird. You are crazy. No, I'm normal. I teach people lessons when they do something wrong. You're very manipulative and conniving, and I don't like it. Whether or not Jonathan learned his lesson, I left that day knowing I had accomplished something important. I upheld my promise and returned dignity to the name I vowed to protect by letting the world know that this is what was waiting for them if they decided to [bleep] with Pink's. (screams in slow motion)
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. ♪ This is "Nathan for You." Alen Harikian is the owner of Speers TV, a South-Pasadena electronics store that's been operating in the neighborhood for over 60 years. But ever since a massive Best Buy moved in just minutes away from his tiny shop, he's been finding it impossible to keep up with their aggressive pricing. Their sales are ridiculous. I mean, there's no way that I can compete. And if it keeps up, Speers TV is at risk of going extinct. So I paid Alen a visit with an ambitious solution to undercut his biggest competitor. Are you familiar with the Best Buy price-match policy? Yeah. It's horrible. I mean, it's bad for small business. One of the main reasons Alen has such a hard time competing with Best Buy is because of their aggressive price-match policy, which guarantees they will match the price of any local competitor, preventing stores like Speers from underselling them, but if Alen dropped his prices so low to make his TVs virtually free, according to Best Buy's own policy, they would have to match that price, too, giving Alen a short window of time where he could buy up all their inventory for $1 and then resell those TVs for any price he wants to make a huge profit. The plan: use Best Buy's price-match policy against them to get Speers an endless supply of $1 TVs. Um... It's a great idea. It might take a little bit of work and time to do. Okay. Do you have a lot going on right now? No, I honestly don't. No. So you don't have commitments at home or anything right now? Relationship stuff? I'm not in a relationship, no. I'm not in a relationship either, so... Oh. We can both work on this, you know, full-time. Okay. All right. That's fine. After a bit more discussion, Alen was on board to move forward with dropping the price on one of his premium Samsung HD TV models to just $1 apiece, but once the new discounted price went into effect, people would be flocking to Speers to get the deal. So to help dissuade these bargain hunters from buying up all of Alen's dollar TVs, I implemented a strict dress code, requiring customers to wear formal attire just to enter the store. I then had all the dollar TVs moved to an area at the back of the store and had a new wall constructed to surround this area that could only be entered through a tiny, two-foot-tall door. Finally, in between the door and the TVs, I added a live alligator, which would hopefully force customers who made it this far to reconsider their decision to take advantage of the great offer. With our preventative measures in place, I could now prepare to get Alen his TVs. According to Best Buy's policy, price-matches are restricted to one item per customer, so to maximize the number of TVs I could get Alen, I put an ad on Craigslist to recruit a team of people to help make the purchases, and later that week, I met with those who responded to see if they were right for the task. So this job involves buying things. Okay. Are you good at buying things? Um, I would say so. Like, what do you mean by buying things? Like, going into a store and buying something. Yeah. All right. Great. [both laugh] All six applicants seemed qualified for the job, so after printing out some flyers and distributing them throughout the neighborhood, it was finally time for Alen to offer his $1 prices to the world. On the morning of the big promotion, the deal vultures were already circling out front, and that meant we had to move quick, so I met my team of buyers out back and gave them each the dollar they'd need to buy the TVs and then sent them off in a van to Best Buy. Meanwhile, I hung back at Speers to help Alen ensure his inventory remained untouched. Hey. Hi. You look good. Thank you. You too. Thanks. And once Alen unlocked the front door, we were officially open for business. Wow, this is nice. Can I help you, or... We're here to... for the TV deals. Just so you guys know, we do have a strict dress code, as you can see on the wall, so... Wow. There's no advertising about the dress code. Yeah. Yeah. That's... I mean, it's right in the front of our store for everyone to see. Yeah, but that doesn't... It's inside. This is the front. It's inside. We were waiting out there. We were waiting in the front of the store. I knew some people might be a bit frustrated, so I offered up a list of tuxedo rental stores in the area to show them that Speers did value their business. Honestly, you seem like very nice people, and I'd love to let you in, but I think doing so would be unfair to the customers that, you know, chose to dress... decent. What the... My plan on the Speers TV side was working, as 30 minutes after opening, exactly 0 of his $1 televisions had been purchased. Meanwhile, everything was on track with my buyers as they were just now arriving at Best Buy, but then, to my surprise, a customer actually returned with attire that met our strict dress code. Did you rent that? Yes. I wasn't completely shocked that someone would be determined enough to make it inside, but I was hopeful that the remaining steps would prove more discouraging. So this is the section with those TVs. Okay. Um... It's the premium-TV section. Yeah. That's the doorway? Yeah. These are the more expensive ones... Okay. So we keep them in a separate room. That's gonna be in there. Okay. Yeah. [sighs] [breathing heavily] [laughs] [bleep]. Oh. Okay. That's not good. Um... Yeah. The customer may have been determined, but once he came face-to-face with our alligator, it was all over. I'm sorry. I mean, I feel bad, 'cause that's a dollar we're losing as well, you know? My plan was a success. The guy chose not to buy the dollar TV, and every customer after that met our dress code got no further than Herbert as well. Herbert? What is Herbert? [screams] I'm sorry. Did you not want a TV? Or... No, I don't want to be in the same room as an alligator. Everything seemed to be going according to plan, but then I got word that, back at Best Buy, things weren't looking so hot. After presenting the flyer to sales associates, my buyers were told that the company would not honor their price-match. This is a store, and this is their price. I couldn't understand why this was happening, so I left the shop and headed over to Best Buy to see if I would have any better luck myself. I actually have a price-match for this to get it for a dollar. Why not? They are. They're within 25 miles. Even with my confidence and negotiation skills, I was denied a price-match too. I'm gonna count to three, and if you don't do it by the time I get to three, I'm gonna leave, okay? One, two, three. I couldn't believe it. How could Best Buy, one of my favorite companies, turn their backs on the very policy that drew me in as a customer? It was a classic bait-and-switch, but the one thing I knew is that when big corporations try to mess with regular people like us, we don't have to take it lying down. So, the next day, I returned to Alen's store with a slight adjustment to our plan. I'm just so sick and tired of these big companies like Best Buy and Enron thinking that, you know, the rules don't apply to them. Yeah. Yeah. They can just push around the little guy. You know what I mean? Yeah, absolutely. You're right. As far as I'm concerned, you're entitled to those TVs. Yeah. So that's why I've decided to file a class-action lawsuit against Best Buy on your behalf. In a way, it's kind of nerve-racking, you know, like, going up against a big company. And how is that gonna work? What is the process? You know, I don't know what it will entail at this point, but we'll figure it out together. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. We both aren't in relationships. We don't have a love life. Yeah, but... That's true. So you have time to do this? Well, I mean, I... this is my only li... basically, only way of making money. So I wouldn't want to do anything to jeopardize that. After telling Alen I was gonna sue Best Buy, he was immediately concerned. They got bigger lawyers, better lawyers, probably, more money. Alen was worried that Best Buy would retaliate and have their lawyers come after him. So you're a bit worried? Yeah. Not a bit. A lot. I was torn. I couldn't live with myself if Alen ended up broke and homeless because of my actions, but according to my research, suing was the only way I could get him the TVs he was rightfully owed, but that's when I came across a sure-fire way to legally protect him from Best Buy: a diagnosis of insanity. If Alen were diagnosed as clinically insane, Best Buy wouldn't be able to come after him for anything, but to do this would take some maneuvering. So without telling Alen I was moving forward with the lawsuit, I booked him an evaluation with L.A.-based clinical psychologist Dr. Judy Rosenberg. I told Alen it was just a routine checkup for insurance purposes for the show, but I came prepared with a plan that would hopefully get me the diagnosis I needed. So I'm very concerned about my friend Alen. Mm-hmm. I believe he maybe has some sort of psychological issue happening. Okay. What are you noticing? He believes he's the manager of an electronics store... Okay. And has been working there for the past 15 years. Okay, so this is a delusion that he's having. I mean, as you'll see, he has quite the imagination. Okay. All right. You... you ready? Let's go. Okay. It'll be easy. Just be yourself. All right. Okay. It'll be pretty straightforward. Yeah. Okay. All right, so tell me a little bit about yourself. Well, I work at the Speers TV. Mm-hmm. I've been there for, I would say, 15, 16 years, and... Mm-hmm. And are you still working there? Yes, I am. Yeah. You are. Do you like? I love it. You love it. Okay. Maybe ask about the alligator. Okay. I didn't know. Go ahead. Well, we did this thing where, you know, we put an alligator inside a small door... or a smaller room, basically, with a small door... Mm-hmm. And we would have customers coming in to get a $1 TV, basically. Okay. So... and the only thing they had to do was go... have, basically, a dress code. We had a dress code. Okay. So you have to be dressed nicely. Maybe a suit, you know. A tie. Nice shoes. Wow. That is so interesting. Yeah. It's interesting idea, and... It is an interesting idea. Yeah, so. After Dr. Rosenberg was done with her evaluation, I excused Alen from the room so I could get her report. What did you get from him? What sense... He's not rooted in reality. You and I can sit here and go, "Wow. What a story." Hmm. "Jeez." Yeah. I mean, read the writing on the wall. Alligators, little doors... Is this insanity we're witnessing? Or... I'm seeing psychosis. Okay? I'm seeing delusional thinking. Is there any way you could put that in writing for me? Sure. With proof of Alen's insanity in hand, he was now immune from prosecution... Thank you so much. And knowing he was protected, I was comfortable moving forward with my lawsuit, but if I was gonna go up against a massive company like Best Buy, I would need some legal advice, so I paid a visit to my old pal, California judge Anthony Filosa, for guidance on how to build my case. If you decide to sue Best Buy, based upon what you've told me, it's gonna be a huge battle. Filosa was skeptical about my prospects, but he said there was one piece of evidence that could turn the tide to my favor. If you had an insider from Best Buy that... that could testify as to the price-match policy that they don't adhere to across the board, that's relevant. So I need info from the inside. Yes, whistleblower for... type of person. It became clear that without an inside source, I wouldn't have a case, but getting someone from within these walls to disclose corporate secrets on camera would be a whole other challenge. So to conceal my true intentions, I put up an ad to recruit Best Buy employees for a new reality show called "Retail Dating," where people who work at retail stores go on blind dates, and after a couple days, I got a response from a female Best Buy employee named Elle. I'm 24 years old. I've worked at Best Buy for three months. My plan was to pose as another retail employee who was chosen to be her date, and because she mentioned she liked alternative music, I decided to go as the manager of a local Hot Topic named Nathan, but what Elle didn't know is that my one and only goal was to get secret inside dirt on the Best Buy price-match policy. Do you want to see a magic trick? Oh, sure. Do you like magic? Yeah. Yeah. It's just a little... Yeah. It's not... Why not? Okay. See the coin? I see it. Okay. I think I've seen that before. Okay. Now that I had impressed Elle, it was time to see if I could get her to admit that there was something more going on with the Best Buy price-match policy than meets the eye. One cool thing about Hot Topic is that, you know, they're pretty lax on the rules, you know? We can kind of do what we want a little bit. Yeah. For example, we have this, uh, price-match policy. Sometimes, like, someone will come in with a legitimate price-match, and if I'm not feeling it, I'll just be like, "No." You know what I mean? You guys ever do that? Or... Oh, I've seen it happen, yes. At Best Buy? Mm-hmm. Yes. You've seen what? Other people not do it because they're not... Not do the price-match? Yeah. Because they're not "feeling" the person. Oh, really? Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. And there it was: the smoking gun. On-camera evidence of a culture of corruption, eroding the insides of one of America's most-respected institutions. But even though I had what I needed, I didn't want to be rude and leave abruptly, so I decided to stay for the private salsa lesson I had prearranged for the date. [speaking Spanish] How are you guys doing? You're supposed to move your shoulders, your hips, and your arms as well. I have to admit, I was a bit nervous about dancing, but once we got going, I discovered I was actually really good at it. Look at his eyes. He's waiting for you. Perfect. And once our date was over, we said our good-byes. Nice meeting you. Okay. Yeah. See you. Bye. Bye. Now that I had the evidence I needed against Best Buy, the potential of an ugly courtroom battle was becoming a scary reality, and the only people who could screw it up were my team of TV buyers, who would have to take the stand if this went to trial. So I invited them to a courtroom I rented to prepare each of them for what they would face when they went head-to-head with the Best Buy legal team. Do you swear to tell the truth and the whole truth and everything? I do. Yes. I do. Yes. I do. On the morning of March 31, 2015, you entered a Best Buy, trying to price-match a TV for a dollar. Is that correct? It is, although I would have to think of the exact date. How did you find out about that promotion? From... Uh, a flyer. It was a flyer that was in the... A flyer. Mm-hmm. Did anyone tell you to go to Best Buy that day? Well, yes. I mean, no. No. I just wanted to go. And was the television for you, or was it for someone else? It would've been for me. It was for you. Mm-hmm. Then how would you explain this footage? What you'll be doing is going to Best Buy and using this flyer to price-match and get a TV for a dollar... Okay. And you'll bring that TV back to me for me to keep it. It's not yours. You understand, right? Mm-hmm. How do you explain that? Um... I... Right away, my buyer's lack of confidence began to concern me, and as more and more took the stand, it became clear that they could be thrown off by even the simplest of questions. Ms. Barcelona, have you ever seen a man that looks like this before? [laughs] No. And for the first time, I began to have doubts about our chances of winning this case. To make matters worse, when I showed Judge Filosa the damning evidence I had obtained on Best Buy... A witness has to be in court, otherwise you can't introduce their testimony, 'cause they have to cross-examine her. But I have it on video. No, that's not good enough. He told me that Elle's statements would only be admissible if she agreed to say them in an actual courtroom, but when I arranged a meet-up to ask her if she would be willing to testify in person, she wasn't at all interested. That's really weird that you'd take someone on a date and then ask them, "Hey, dude, like, why don't we sue Best Buy?" Okay. For all I know, you're crazy. Elle didn't want to help me out, and our case was crumbling before my very eyes. With Elle and her testimony out of the picture, my case had taken a huge blow, but for some reason, once she was gone, I just couldn't get her words out of my head... [echoing] For all I know, you're crazy. And for the first time, I started to really think about what I was doing. Here was a woman who thought she was sharing a genuine connection with someone, but it was all just a calculated ruse to get information, a classic bait-and-switch, and in that moment, I realized I'd become no better than the corporation I was trying to defeat, that in my efforts to take down Best Buy, I became the worst guy. I could've kept pursuing this lawsuit and tried again to get the court testimony I needed from another Best Buy employee that submitted to my "Retail Dating" show... You know, when you work at Best Buy, you're, like, in a tech playground with, like, CDs and DVDs. But I didn't want to break the heart of another angel who was just searching for a real connection... Admittedly, it's been awhile since I've been on a date. So I decided to drop my case and give up on getting Alen his TVs. When you define yourself entirely by your successes, failure can leave you feeling pretty empty inside, but when I was reviewing the footage we shot, I stumbled upon a conversation I had with Alen on the day of his big promotion. She says like, "You know, you should, you know, find someone and get married, so... have kids." Your mom? Yeah. So. And it made me realize that my definition of success might've been entirely wrong. Getting close, or... No. No. No. Just concentrating on the job, so. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't see it before, but the truth was all over his face. Alen might've said he wanted some TVs at a discounted price, but it wasn't what he needed. So, the next day, I returned to Speers with the one thing he'd been denying himself for so many years. So I know I couldn't get you those TVs that I promised... It's okay. But there is someone I'd like to introduce you to. Okay. Is that okay? Yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Okay. One sec. Okay. Thanks. Hi. Alen, this is Cathy. Hi. Nice to meet you. Hi, Cathy. Nice to meet you. Cathy used to work at Best Buy... Yeah. Okay. And she also happens to be single. Mm-hmm. That's right. Oh. So I'll let you two get to know each other. All right. Okay. Awesome. Thank you. Hi. So. Hi. Hi. So. How are you doing? Everything's good. Yeah. So. Good. Yeah. So you worked at Best Buy, huh? Yeah, I worked at Best Buy in high school. Oh, you did? Yeah. Okay. Which location? Was it around? Seeing Alen light up made me feel great about what I had done. The crazy thing is, like, once it starts raining for a few days, everybody's panicking. Oh, yeah. Then they freak out. Yeah. They're like, "Oh, my God, we need the sun. It's California. What the hell?" Like, they can't do it. As for me, I was fine being alone because it would give me more time to focus on my work. ♪ So 773 is a Chicago area code... Okay. All right. But it's my cell phone. It was good to meet you. Good to meet you too. Thank you so much. All right. Bye. I'll see you soon, hopefully. I'll give you a call for sure. Okay. Bye. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Bye. ♪ You have the Hot Topic look. Oh, yeah. Well, employee discount, you know... How much discount do you get, anyway? 40%. [whispering] Oh, my God. Wow. That's pretty good, right? That's amazing. What do you get at Best Buy? I think it was 40% off.
A coffee controversy is brewing tonight. A new shop in Los Feliz is calling itself "Dumb Starbucks." Dumb Starbucks. Dumb Starbucks. Dumb Starbucks. Dumb Starbucks. Dumb Starbucks. Dumb Starbucks. (all) Dumb... Dumb Starbucks. Its origin and owner are a mystery. My name is Nathan Fielder, And I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. (dramatic music) ♪ ♪ This is Nathan for You. Elias Zacklin is the owner of Helio Cafe, a small coffee shop in East Hollywood, California. And he prides himself on doing things a little bit different. The atmosphere's very eclectic. You don't walk in and-- Actually, there's even-- not even a menu in my shop. And that's been done purposefully. But in a world where one company has practically perfected the coffee experience, going against the grain has caused Elias' shop to be empty, so I paid him a visit with a way for him to finally compete with the big players. The problem with you is you have great coffee but just no one knows what this place is. Correct. No one-- You don't have a brand that people recognize. Absolutely. But maybe there's a shortcut to actually having brand recognition. Using a little something called parody law. Parody law. Often used by artists like "Weird Al" Yankovic and shows like Saturday Night Live, parody law allows you to use trademarks and copyrighted material as long as you're making fun of them. So if Elias could find a way to make fun of Starbucks, he'd be free and clear to borrow their valuable corporate name and image for his store. The plan: turn the Helio Cafe into the world's first parody Starbucks. So how do you make that a parody without it-- You just not mimicking their brand? Like, the coffees could be "Dumb Grande," "Dumb Venti"... Yeah, I got you. "Dumb Frappuccino." Gotcha. Okay. I mean, as a whole, the store could just be called "Dumb Starbucks." Right. That's-- Okay, I see what you're saying. Right. But the "Dumb" could be small so people could come in thinking it's an actual Starbucks. Huh. It's smart, I just don't know if people would get it. You know. I don't know if people are, you know... Well, do people get what you're doing now? You're not that popular. Right. You have no menu. That's true. I mean, what do you have to lose by trying? I mean, what do I have to lose? I... I don't know actually. Elias was on board, but he did have one major concern. I definitely could not afford a lawsuit from Starbucks. Definitely not. Based off what I read on Wikipedia, it seemed like my approach was legal. But just to be sure, I retained the services of attorney Peter J. Marx to guarantee we were protected. "Dumb Starbucks"? But the "Dumb" would be smaller so people would still think it's a Starbucks. If people think it's a Starbucks, you've got a problem. It's not really a parody then. Apparently, my legal footing wasn't as solid as I thought. But then Peter brought up one way I could cover myself. Let's say you had a reputation as being a-- Yeah. someone who does lots of parody. Then they know, oh, he's just making fun of Starbucks, because this is what he does. So I have to become a parody artist. It wouldn't hurt. It seemed like I still had some work ahead of me. But before leaving, I needed to be sure I was protected. So if I do all this, then Starbucks can't sue me? This is America. People file lawsuits at the drop of a hat. But if they sue, you're liable too, right? Who's liable? You. Me personally? Yeah. Not unless I'm involved in-- in viola-- in infringing their trademark, no. Yeah, the appearance release you signed before had a clause that you would be liable too, if Starbucks sued. I don't agree to this at all. I do not agree to pay all legal fees and damages from legal action because I have no control over what's being released. Well, why did you sign that, then? Yeah, I signed it. And I signed it because I didn't have a chance to read it and I thought-- But you're a lawyer. Don't you read things before you sign them? I do read things-- I try to read things but you wanted me to shoot and I glanced at it and this was my mistake. I'll acknowledge that. Okay. Well, you signed it so I guess you can give that back. Well, I-I'm not gonna give it back because I'm going to-- Well, I handed it to you just to look over, but you already-- No, I'm not gonna give it back to you. I'm protecting myself and, frankly, you from a nightmare. Well, you signed it. We have you on camera signing it. So it still holds up in court. You don't have me on camera signing it. Yes, we do. What kind of lawyer am I? Signing [bleep] I haven't read. Well, if you do, that's fine then you-- then you'll know how the terms--I'm gonna put it in my pocket. Well, no, we don't want it in your pocket. I-- We do want it in my pocket. Please. Please, you're in my office. I'm very serious. And I don't know if you're really trying to do this just for the show, but I'd like you to get off my desk and I'm gonna ask you to leave the office. I was disappointed that Peter was trying to back out of the deal he signed. But our producers were eventually able to calm him down enough to keep shooting. They just said they need to get a shot of the-- an insert of the document. Like a shot of it. (laughs) It's staying-- It's staying in my pocket. It's not going anywhere. Well, we just need to get a shot of the clause for the scene. I-I-- On the document. You can hold on to it. Just hold it out like you'd had and then--yeah. This camera needs to get it out here. Okay, that's how I had it. And then you can-- just make sure you get an insert of the actual-- You know, I'm about to-- I don't know if you're provoking me or not, but I'm-- I'm not-- I'm getting tired of this. I'm not gonna be responsible for your conduct, okay? My plan to have Peter share liability didn't work. So it was more important than ever that Elias and I take his guidance to protect ourselves. It would just be helpful, legally, if we had a history of being parody artists. Okay. I told him we'd only have two weeks to make as big of a splash as possible. So we got to work coming up with some songs that we could perform around town. So the easiest thing that anyone would recognize is a Stones song, a Zeppelin song. Yeah, maybe we could, like, skewer them for being old. Right. I can't get an erection, but I try, but I try. Or something like that. You know, I don't know. We had our first song, and after finishing the lyrics I booked us a spot at a local open mic night so we could begin building our legal defense. Elias and I are big fans of the Rolling Stones. But, you know, we were talking lately and we thought "You know, these guys are kinda getting a little old," so... (strums guitar) ♪ I can't get no-ho ♪ ♪ e-e-rection ♪ ♪ I can't get no-ho ♪ ♪ e-e-rection ♪ Our first performance actually went pretty well. But after our set, Elias expressed some reservations. Are you not confident in the lyrics? Okay. He was too nervous to get on stage again. So after writing more songs, I had to do the next open mic, on my own. ♪ I'm not afraid ♪ ♪ To grab my balls ♪ ♪ Everybody ♪ ♪ Come grab my balls ♪ ♪ Don't let the checks run dry ♪ ♪ Royalties ♪ ♪ Shave tonight ♪ ♪ Let's get that beard all gone ♪ ♪ Too much stubble ♪ ♪ Let's get that hair all gone ♪ I thought the show went okay, but unfortunately, the audience didn't agree. I didn't really like that at all. It's not really my cup of tea. He [bleep] sucked. Maybe musical parody just wasn't in style right now, because when I looked online, no one was writing about my work. So I called Elias with a change of plan. I was thinking maybe, you know, we move into some more visual parody and do, like, a more formal art show. Are you saying that this is not your priority right now? Or what are you saying? Elias said he didn't have time to help. But I knew this was my last shot to become known as a parody artist. So I spent the rest of the week generating art pieces. And booked a gallery space in a hip neighborhood to display my work. And after passing out flyers to make sure I had a crowd... Friday night at 7:00? Yeah. I can make that. my art show was ready to begin. After putting the final touches on my parody art, we opened our doors and right away I could tell people were digging my work. America being mostly about war and Bank of America being about profits and money as well, I just-- I actually like that one. The meaning of this is actually just, like, you know, you put your money in the bank. It's really safe. Like a tank. Okay. I'm just curious, like, what in your opinion makes this piece worth $2,500? Like, what did you put into it that would make it worth that much? Unlike my songs, my visual pieces seemed to be making the impact I needed them to. As people were taking me seriously as a parody artist... Well, this catches my eye. Yeah, I feel this. the night was a success. And best of all, I now had the evidence to argue that Dumb Starbucks was just another one of my art pieces. But as the show was winding down, I found myself frustrated that Elias didn't even bother to show up. I was working night and day to help his business and he didn't even seem to care. But I wasn't gonna let an idea this good go to waste. So the next day, I returned to the Helio Cafe with my lawyer to make things fair. Basically, as I understand it, what Nathan has related to me, is that he has done the lion's share of the work in setting up the business. Not only creating the concept, coming up with it... Peter went on to say that Elias would no longer be a part of Dumb Starbucks, that I would be opening up a new shop on my own, and that Elias would be getting nothing. Do you have any questions of me at this time? I-- not-- not at this time. Not at this time. After severing ties with Elias, I could now proceed without his dead weight slowing me down. So I rented a vacant retail space in Los Feliz, California, that would serve as the location for the first Dumb Starbucks. This reminds me of the metal in my house. You have metal in your house like that? Yeah. Oh. Construction began immediately, and it would take at least a week to build the shop. So in the meantime, I posted an ad on Craigslist seeking baristas with Starbucks experience. And after receiving some responses, I met with the applicants to see if they'd be a good fit. When you're interacting with customers, you know, it's important to have a good sense of humor. Mm-hmm. Do you have a good sense of humor? Yeah, I think so. So, let's see some of that. Hi. Hey, how's it going? How's your day? Great. Yeah, it's going well. It's going well? How's the weather? You enjoying the weather? Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. I'm not. It's just too warm. And I'm getting over a sickness too, so it's even more warm than I'd like it to be. That was funny. Yeah, thanks. Jeremiah was perfect for the job. I also hired Amber since we seemed to have a lot in common. What would you say is your greatest weakness? My greatest weakness is that I'm too nice. That's so funny, that's-- it-- that's my greatest weakness too. Really? Yeah. And with the store set to open in less than 24 hours, my crew and I put the final touches on making my parody Starbucks look as authentic as possible. Before long, everything was complete. And after giving Amber and Jeremiah their official uniforms we had our first employee orientation to go over some company policies. So because of the size of the company, I am also the HR department here. So we need to go over the code of conduct when it comes to telationships in the workplace. The rule of thumb is, if you begin dating another employee here, it has to be reported to HR. Also, because sexual tension is something that's very distracting in the workplace, if you find yourself attracted to another employee, that also needs to be disclosed. Um, Amber, do you want to go first? Wow. Okay. Well, I mean, everybody's different. So, like, for me personally, attraction is more than just-- I mean, who out of the people you work with are you attracted to the most? Including bosses. Uh, wow. Okay, I'm gonna-- I'll go with you. Me? Yeah. So out of everyone you work with, you're most attracted to me? Right. And you heard that, or--? Yeah, I heard that. Yeah, loud and clear. So mine, I guess would be you. And Jeremiah, I guess, no one picked you. But, um, for the record I guess I do need to know who you are most attracted to. Um, just say her. Amber? Yeah. Okay, well, obviously, you know, she did pick me-- Yeah. so that is unlikely to happen. But it's good that I do know that for the record. And I think the fact that we've talked about it, now we can continue working as peers without there being any awkwardness. Okay. After our employee orientation, I showed Amber and Jeremiah around the shop. And got them acquainted with all the items Dumb Starbucks has to offer. The only thing left to do was unveil our new sign to the world. Ready? Yeah. Ready. All right. Oh. Yay, all right. Yeah. Pretty good, huh? Yeah. And with that, Dumb Starbucks was officially open for business. With our sign now on display, my plan quickly began to work, as people started coming in thinking it was an actual Starbucks. Oh, Dumb Starbucks. Okay, okay. Oh, you thought it was Starbucks. I did. But the few customers we did get seemed to have trouble understanding what we were all about. I mean, legally speaking, this store has to be categorized as an art gallery, so we don't have to abide by the same health regulations as a Starbucks would. I mean, we don't want any of our customers to get sick. But if they do, technically, that's part of the artistic experience. Things were off to an okay start. But as the day progressed, I became frustrated we weren't getting the amount of customers I expected. So I headed out to a nearby coffee shop to try and spread the word about my new business. Just so you know, there's a Dumb Starbucks that's opened up down the block. Okay. Okay. It's basically the same coffee. Cheaper prices, and-- Dumb Starbucks? Yeah. Today, you know, you can have a free coffee on me. I understand you're trying to promote your company. Right. I admire that. But that's great. You can't do it on Starbucks' property. And I admire you. And I will be-- And every time I step back, you keep taking a step forward. No, I haven't moved. You have. We started over here. No, we started right here. But you need to walk that way. Okay, I will. Unfortunately, my marketing efforts were cut short. But I was at least able to get some free supplies. With an underwhelming launch day, I began to feel like I put in all this effort for nothing. But the next morning things changed. Jeremiah called me to say there was a line of over 15 people at the store. Then I saw photos of my shop posted on a straight body building message board. But I couldn't have foreseen what happened next. A new coffee shop with a familiar name creating quite a stir in Los Angeles. The coffee shop-- get this-- is called Dumb Starbucks. That looks exactly like a Starbucks. The logo, the lettering, the green coloring-- How do they get away with this? Because they put the word "Dumb" on top of Starbucks, so they're parodying Starbucks. A coffee chain notorious for suing imitators may have finally met it's match. At the counter, customers can order a "Dumb Venti" Or buy a CD of "Dumb Norah Jones Duets." Some people waited in line for up to an hour. It's an art gallery where coffee is considered art. What's the point of the art? I mean, what's the message? I don't know. (speaking Spanish) (speaking Korean) I was stunned. We had more customers than I ever dreamed of. And within 24 hours, Dumb Starbucks had become a worldwide sensation. Yeah, there's absolutely artistic value here. To me, this is a protest. This is a protest against the big fish. The leviathans of Starbucks. It was cool that people could draw their own meaning from a business that was just there to make money. There's a rumor that it might be Banksy and we're all really excited about that. I had inadvertently created something that was on par with one of the world's greatest artists. Something tied to an art installation. Maybe this is Banksy. Before I knew it, cups from my shop were selling on eBay for $500 a piece. And swindlers were even trying to cash in on the hype by hocking fake merchandise outside the store. By the end of the weekend I realized that Dumb Starbucks was a bigger idea than I ever thought it could be. So I gathered the worldwide media to announce that we were expanding. (cheers and applause) Hi. I'm proud to announce that we'll soon be opening a second Dumb Starbucks location in Brooklyn, New York, within the next two weeks. (cheers and applause) My business was not only a bona fide success, but for the first time in my life It felt like people actually wanted to be around me. Whatever I had done resonated with the entire world. And the attention was like sunlight on my soul. My entire marketing plan depended on using their corporate logo to get attention. And the only way to legally do it is by using "Dumb." Every major network in America wanted to know my story. Nathan Fielder. I was invincible. And I have to admit, the view from the top was pretty nice. We're also famous for our pastries. I brought you some, actually. Oh, okay. Yeah, great. I brought some of our pastries, yeah. Oh, those look great. (audience laughs) What do you call these? Are these those-- I brought muffins too. Oh, look at that. These are our famous pastries. Isn't that weird. It says Vons on the side. (audience laughs) I was all smiles and my head was in the clouds. Then all of a sudden, reality hit. The coffee shop called "Dumb Starbucks" that popped up in Los Feliz this weekend is now closed. The Los Angeles Health Department shut down Dumb Starbucks yesterday because it did not have proper permits. Right now, the future of Dumb Starbucks isn't clear. Being shut down by the Health Department was the worst thing that could happen to me. I was at risk of losing everything. And I realized that maybe I knew less about running a coffee shop than I initially thought. But then I remembered, there was one person I knew with the knowledge to get me out of this. I can do the training and I can source the beans. The Health Department will have to come in, do a plan check. Okay. That I can do. When I returned to Elias to ask for his help he wanted nothing to do with me. So you think we're-- we're not friends and we're not-- My friends don't hire lawyers to come and sign contracts. I thought--I thought we were friends or-- But my friends don't have cameras and lights and lawyers. And producers. That's not how you establish a friendship. Elias' words hit me like a ton of bricks. And in that moment, I realized that in building Dumb Starbucks, I became someone that I never wanted to be. I began all this trying to help a struggling coffee shop gain recognition. And in my scramble to make things work I put myself before my fellow man, time and time again. In the end, I got everything I could have ever dreamed of. But what does success mean if the road that got you there is paved with broken hearts? They say that the devil is an artist. And if that's so, then maybe I was his greatest piece yet. So rather than fighting the Health Department, I decided it was time for Dumb Starbucks to end. It may have been impossible to right every wrong, but it wasn't too late to begin doing what was right. Jeremiah, I'd like to give you my blessing to pursue Amber, if that's what you want. And whatever happens after that, happens. Wow. Okay. Bringing people joy is my true calling. I might have lost my opportunity to help the Helio Cafe in the way I intended. But with the world's eye still on me, I could at least draw their attention to the place that needed it the most.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small-business owners make it in this competitive world. (dramatic music) This is Nathan for you. Nabil Khalil is the owner of Bouquet Plaza Liquor in Santa Clarita, California, and every day, he deals with a problem that has vexed liquor store owners for years. We always have teenager trying to come and buy alcohol. We always refuse the sale. As far as I'm concerned, no business should ever have to turn away a paying customer, so I paid Nabil a visit to help him out. Every time you turn away a teenager who's trying to buy alcohol, you're losing a sale. Yes, because that's what the law is. Mm-hmm. So, from now on, you allow them to purchase it, but they just can't take it home until they're 21. The main reason teenagers want booze is to look cool to their friends, so if Nabil let minors purchase alcohol, but then held it in a storage locker until their 21st birthday, Bouquet Plaza Liquor would gain a ton of new underage customers, who could then brag to their friends that they own booze. The plan, increase business by selling alcohol to minors. Could be possible, but when you get close to that age, definitely, you don't want a voucher that says, "Oh, yes, I own couple bottle of liquor," But where they are? So they want to have it. Well, no offense, but, you know, I'm a bit closer to my teenage years than you are, so I think I know what youth these days want. If they get the happiness of "Yes, I have it," that would be great. With Nabil on board, I created some tags that would work like a coat check system for alcohol. So minors could reclaim their booze from storage once they turn 21. Next, I had to get the word out to young people, so I arranged a meeting with the chair of a local youth little league in the hopes of landing a sponsorship deal. You seriously are talking about putting a banner that says, "We sell liquor to minors"? These minors don't actually get to take home the alcohol till they're 21. Well, I do understand it, but I'm not sure that I agree with tying that up to our little league. Do you understand what I'm saying? I don't know if this helps in any way, but we'd also be willing to offer a free bottle of gin to every kid in the league. No, I'm sorry. Thank you for your time, then. Well, thank you for your offer. Yeah. I'm sure it'll work out. Oh, no. What? What is this for? This-- What is this for? (muttering) Oh, no, no, no. No, no. Thank you very much, though. Are you-- Let me show you out. No, no, are you sure? Yeah, yeah. We're done. With sponsorship off the table, I needed a different way to reach the youth market, so I hired a teen actor to pose as a student to get the word spreading at a local high school. So right off the bat, you know, before you talk about the liquor store or anything, you got to establish a rapport so the teens you're talking to think you're cool. Okay. So maybe talk about how school sucks, you know, or a bit about how the Internet's awesome or something. and throw in some swear words too. So try that. Hey, man, what's up? Hey, dude, that Internet these days is so dope. Man, school sucks, dude. You can just go on the stinking Internet. With Connor trained, I gave him a backwards hat and sunglasses so he would look cooler. Then I sent him onto school property to begin spreading the word. So how about that internet, man? What's up? Oh, the teacher sucks, but the Internet rules, you know? So, anyways, I got this cool tip. There's this liquor store down the block. It's called Bouquet Plaza liquor store, and it sells alcohol to minors. Okay, I got to go back to skipping class. With Connor working the school, I headed back to Bouquet Plaza, ready to receive our underage customers, and within minutes, they began to arrive. Did you read the sign outside? That's-- Did you-- That's real? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You can Go grab some if you want. You want to go ahead and grab yourself some alcohol or something? (laughs) I mean, I guess so. (laughs) Look what you got, huh? Look at that. 40 ounce. Oh, that's huge, buddy. High life, awesome. You're gonna start heavy, Don't you? Yeah. (laughter) So you own this now. Yeah, it's tight. Pretty sweet. Ah, ah, not so close. You get a claim check, so you're allowed to come back and claim it when you're 21. Yeah, but-- (laughs) I want it for right now. I don't want it two years later. With no refunds allowed, the minors had no other option but to fill out the claim check, allowing them to own alcohol without the consequences of consuming it. What you're doing is weak. That sucks. It's cool and legal. Breaking the law is never cool. Seems like a waste of money to me. My plan was working, and Nabil was now able to sell to a whole new type of customer. Why did I even just pay for this? Because you're allowed to own the alcohol. Okay, well, I don't want to own the alcohol. I want the alcohol. Knowing that some teens wouldn't be satisfied leaving empty-handed, I had a corner of Nabil's store converted to look like a cool basement so minors could take photos with their alcohol, before it goes into storage, that would help them brag to their friends. It felt great to make young people happy while teaching them about responsible drinking. So after closing up for the night, it broke my heart that I had to give Nabil some terrible news. I looked into it, and it turns out that what we were doing was extremely illegal, and you know, I got to look out for myself. I'm sorry. Good evening, sir. Yes? Are you the owner of this business? Yes, sir. Hi. I'm afraid I'm gonna have to place you under arrest. Why? What's going on, sir? How am I-- For doing good business! (dance music) (laughs) ♪ You're not in trouble at all, I was joking. So really? It does work out? Yeah, it's not illegal. Okay. I mean, he's not a real cop, he's a stripper, yeah. That's okay. But to bring a stripper to a businessman, it's not a really good idea, no. Oh, you don't like it? (music stops) Not at all. Like, okay-- Well, it was a joke, you know, like, you thought he was a cop. You know? That's what I'm saying, even if it's gonna be a joke, Nathan, to bring a businessman, bring him, like, stripper-- a guy stripper, it's not really gonna be the cool thing to have. All right. Javier Arteaga is an exterminator and the manager of Bugs "A" to "Z," a pest-control company based out of Woodland Hills, California, and he's desperate to expand his business beyond the residential homes he normally services. It'd be great if, I mean, we land any kind of hotel work. Javier wanted a contract with a major hotel, and I had the perfect method to win him that deal. Rather than making it look like the hotel has an exterminator visiting, why don't you instead make it look like the hotel is winning an award? Right. Every hotel's greatest fear is having to hire an exterminator, because their arrival is basically an announcement that the hotel has pests, so if Javier could disguise his purpose to make it look like he's there to give the hotel an award, he'd not only delight guests, but surely win a contract with the hotel that wants to keep their pest problem a secret. Now, how--I mean, do I show up with-- I mean, I just-- I-I--as far as, I mean-- If customers see you coming in, they're actually gonna be like, "Oh, this hotel is really good," you know, rather than seeing an exterminator and being like, "Oh, this hotel is not so good." (laughs) You've done this before. You know, you're a business major. I mean, what's the worst that's gonna happen? Javier was on board with the concept. So, to sell this to a hotel, I needed to show them exactly how the system would work, so I had one of Javier's service vans rewrapped to look like a delivery vehicle for the Hotel Excellence Awards, a very prestigious organization that I made up. Then Javier and I worked to develop a discreet method for exterminating every room in a hotel. Like, some sort of secret... A compartment or or an opening. Compartment that opens up. With the system now in place, I got permission from the historic Mayfair Hotel to shoot a demonstration video of our method that we could then present to their management. It begins by arriving in our covert vehicle, then removing what looks like a large trophy that's being awarded to the hotel. This serves a dual purpose of both getting our equipment inside, and impressing guests, as they see that they're currently residing in the hotel with the least amount of bedbugs. With the least bedbugs? Yeah. So it's a possibility of some being there. We're just delivering the award, we don't know. Oh, okay. Then, we make our way into the private back offices where we can safely remove all our gear without anyone seeing. Once that's done, we convert our awards table into a custom-designed maid cart, and I change my outfit to look natural pushing it. The hollowed-out interior then allows Javier to travel from room to room without drawing any suspicion from hotel guests. (beeps) You okay in there? Yeah. When we get to an infested room, the cart blocks the doorway and Javier is able to sneak out without anyone seeing. A quick handoff of the vacuum then gets our equipment inside, and Javier can get to work spraying down the pest-ridden areas. Although we didn't find any in this hotel, Javier told me he often encounters mattresses that get so infested with bedbugs they have to be thrown out. So I also wanted to show the hotel manager that we had a method to secretly dispose of one without guests thinking anything fishy was going on, and since the Mayfair catered to a lot of Asian clientele, the perfect cover was obvious. In the guise of an impromptu celebration, we were able to take a mattress straight through the lobby, and once outside, all it took was a quick identity changeover to keep everything looking normal to onlookers. Then, in the blink of an eye, we're gone, without anyone ever knowing the hotel had a problem with pests. So later that week, I was hopeful our sales video would be enough to win over the Mayfair manager, Mike Schoeffin. Underneath that dragon is our mattress that was covered with bedbugs, infested with bedbugs. And you can see we've been developing a new method of spraying the public areas using a blind man's cane. So to guests, it just looks like, "Oh, there's a blind man stumbling around the lobby." Right. So that's what we're about. And once our sales video was done, it was time to seal the deal. Let's get your signature on that contract. I'm not gonna make a decision right this minute. Mike didn't seem to want to do business with Bugs "A" to "Z," so I excused Javier to speak with Mike one-on-one. Hey, so it's clear you don't want to give a deal to us today, right? Not without comparing all the numbers, no. You know, I have a TV show, and on the show, we like to have happy endings, so would you be able to sign this contract just for the cameras? Uh, if it's just for the cameras, as long as it's not binding. Great, here you go, just sign here and-- just for the cameras. There you go. All right, so we have a deal then. We have a deal in the TV show-- Oh, no, but in the contract, it said that "I understand that when Nathan asks, 'Will you sign this contract for the camera?' I understand that that's code for 'Will you sign the contract in real life.'" Oh. You can see. Mm-hmm. That clause right there. Right. The contract was presented to me under false pretenses. Trust me, this is a good call, so you shouldn't feel bad about this. No, you tricked me, and it's-- It's not a trick. No, it is a trick. No, it's not a trick. And I don't appreciate it. Everything was in the contract. I don't appreciate it. I did it, and I couldn't wait to share the good news with Javier. Yeah. All right. Happy, right? Yeah. Okay, good. Rub-a-dub-dub, splish, splash, suck, suck, and... (imitates buffer whirring) These are just some of the sounds you'd hear if you paid a visit to Los Feliz car wash in Atwater Village, California. But one sound you won't hear that often is "Cha-ching." Amir Lankarani is the owner here, and he admits that lately, business has been tough. Occasionally, can be very much so struggle. But for a man whose business is cleaning, I was surprised by how filthy his office was, and it made me wonder if this was part of a sophisticated strategy. Do you keep your office this dirty to make a point to your customers that you only care about cleaning cars? Yes, rather than trying to clean my office, I put my emphasis in cleaning their car. So this is all intentional. Yes. I mean, I've seen clutter, but you go all out. Well, I do my best. Yeah, I mean, you have a full-size toilet bowl under your desk. Well, the reason behind it is, we bought it for our-- What is it? One of the bathrooms, haven't had the chance to replace it yet. You don't use that toilet? Not here, no. No? No. Amir clearly had a unique approach for marketing his car wash, and that meant I had an idea that he was gonna love. Los Feliz car wash is uniquely situated in a neighborhood with very few birds, so if Amir could somehow attract more birds to specific trees that overhang the streets nearby, demand for his services would surely go up. The plan, more birds equals more business. Birds? I mean, there's nothing wrong with putting a bird in a tree. That's true. What they do after that is their own choice. That's right. So, if they do that on a car, it benefits you, But-- More dirty cars, more dollar signs coming inside the register. You're right. Amir was into the idea, so the first step was finding the right tree to host the birds. Directly across the street from the car wash was the perfect branch that hung over traffic. This is where I needed them to be. Since I know birds love bird seed, I sprinkled some along the branch and all over the tree in the hopes of attracting them, but surprisingly, after a day, no birds had come. So I emptied out a couple of tuna cans and packed them with earth worms and soil then taped those to the branches, thinking that this would be a more appealing treat. I even put tiny scarecrows in other trees in the area that I didn't want the birds to go in, but again, no birds showed up, and I wasn't about to spend the rest of my life helping this car wash. So I arranged for a bird wrangler to come and physically put pigeons up on the branch, but frustratingly, they weren't pooing enough to make the impact I needed, so I talked to the bird wrangler to see if she had any other ideas. Chickens or peacocks, they-- they poop pretty good. (laughs) Don't you think chickens would maybe look a bit strange in the tree though? Maybe? No, chickens roost in trees. So it wouldn't really stand out as being that weird? No, uh-uhh. Okay. I trust your instincts, then. Yeah. Taking Carol's advice, we added some chickens to the tree, which she said had to go more regularly, and it helped, but the dropping size just wasn't big enough to persuade people into getting their cars washed, so we arranged to have a peacock added to the mix that can drop loads 50% larger than the chickens. And with that, I felt like I had everything I needed to get things started. So I posted a sign at the car wash advertising a new special. Now I wanted to show Amir the birds in the tree. Wow. (laughs) That's great. Yeah. I mean, it just looks-- Mother Nature, doesn't it? So people are driving under, they're dropping all over cars, and then where are they gonna go? Right there across the street. Yeah. Makes--you know, makes... common sense, doesn't it? Now I needed to figure out a way to get cars to stop so the birds would have enough time to do their business. Sir, sorry. Sorry, I dropped my contact lens over here, so I'm just looking for it. Yeah, I don't-- I'm worried you might drive over it. Yeah. Um, I don't know where. Oh. There's a lot of birds today. Sorry, there's a car wash down the street, they can do a really good job of taking it off. If you want, there's a coupon. My plan was finally paying off. You got chickens up in that tree. The droppings were actually encouraging drivers to pay a visit to the car wash. As the day progressed... Do you know how to get to the Hollywood sign from here? Nature was taking its course, and even though I took a brutal splash in the mouth... (sputtering) I'd do it again in an instant if it meant bringing in one more customer to that car wash. So at the end of the day, I met up with Amir to see if he was happy with my results.a So how do you feel about everything today? Beautiful. Seems like the idea is working a little bit, at least I saw a few cars with the bird poo-poo. Poop, yeah. Now, just so you know, I bought all of the pigeons and the chickens for you, so you can go and put them up yourself if you choose. Okay. Now, I know this might be a bit of an awkward subject to broach, but I know you have an "employee of the month" program here. Yes, we do. You know, I obviously showed you today that I did a good job, and so I was wondering if you would consider me for that. For the employee of the month? Yeah. Sure. Okay, thanks. You're quite welcome. Now, do you normally do a ceremony or something? We normally just present them with a $25 gift certificate. Okay, it maybe is a bit low for what I did. Is it possible to up it to $200? Sure. Great, thank you so much, that's... My pleasure. such an honor, I mean-- Okay. You're quite welcome. "Welcome to our employee-of-the-month meeting ceremony. This honor goes to the person who has shown the most commitment to the company this month, the person who has worked the hardest, and who is just the best person in general. This month-- This month, it goes to Nathan." Me? Yes, you, Nathan. Oh, my God, really? Yes. Oh, my God. I'm so surprised. Thank you so much. My pleasure. Thank you very much. I'm so honored, Uh... (light applause) Oh, thank you. "And there's your $200 cash prize..." Bonus. Your $200 cash bonus. Thank you so much. Oh, my God. (light applause) (mumbling indistinctly) Oh, okay. (light applause) Thank you. "Now, if you can all form a line, "Then Nathan will walk past you, "and you can pat him on the back." Okay, it's a bit embarrassing, (laughs) Right. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, wow. All right, see you, I guess, or see you later. Okay.
My name is Nathan Fielder, And I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. (sweeping orchestration) ♪ ♪ This is Nathan For You. Aw. When something this cuddly is your product, you'd think it would sell itself. But Jennifer Berardini at Pet Mania in Burbank, California, knows that it takes more than just a cute little face to bring in customers. We advertise online, a little bit of print mail, sign advertising, flyers. In The Burbank Times they run our ad continuously. But effective advertising isn't about quantity. It's about location. So I came to Jennifer with a targeted way to reach potential customers. When someone has a pet, and the pet dies, they want to-- get a new one. Absolutely. (pet sounds) Jolly! So, I think the best place for you to advertise would be... at a pet cemetary. (laughs) Could be. The problem is most pet cemetaries don't allow advertisements. Right. But there's no law about what you're allowed to put on a gravestone. Pardon? By putting an ad for Pet Mania on a dead pet's tombstone, Jennifer would have a permanent billboard in a pet cemetery that would be seen by all the people that just lost their pets. The Plan: Market to mourners by advertising on a gravestone. I'm not sure. Some people are gonna take it one way, and some people are gonna take it another way. And they're gonna be offended. Obviously, I would do this very tastefully while, at the same time, meet the advertising goals of the pet store. Okay. In order to get a tombstone in a pet cemetery, I'd have to bury a real pet. So the other night, I caught a fly in my kitchen and named it Buzz. Even though Buzz would be easy to just swat dead, something about that felt wrong. So I was going to do my best to care for him and let him die of natural causes. In the meantime, I began to make arrangements for his funeral. So I contacted one of the area's biggest pet cemeteries to book a date and a grave plot. This is your pet. It's unconditional love. We'll treat you the same with the burial. So just to be clear, I can put whatever I want on my gravestone. It's completely up to you. Granted, I've never seen a fly come in here before, But I'm open to it. There's not a problem with it. With the arrangements made, I went to an engraver to lay out the text for Buzz's headstone that would double as the pet store ad. Now it was just a matter of waiting until Buzz died. Over the next week, I tried to make his remaining days somewhat enjoyable. I gave him some rotting food and even a ladybug in case he wanted something to have s*x with. He quickly became a favorite around the office, too. Hello, Buzz. Sometimes he would even stay on my finger without flying away. I wonder why he did that. Then one day, when I came into work, Buzz wasn't moving. I assumed he was dead, but I took him to a vet just to be sure. So this fly has passed away. With Buzz officially declared dead, I was finally able to move forward with my plan. So we headed down to the pet cemetery for Buzz's final send-off. To avoid any pushback when I unveiled the gravestone, I wanted the service to look as legitimate as possible. And since I'm Jewish, I hired a rabbi to conduct the service and had a few words with him before. Tell me a little bit about what--who we are honoring. Buzz. Buzz? Who is my pet fly. Okay. (laughs) I'm sorry. You laughed. Yeah. Don't you think that's a little insensitive? Um... What is important is the connection that you have. After consulting with the rabbi, I greeted my only guest, Salomon, who works in our production office and seemed to take a liking to Buzz. Have you ever been to a Jewish funeral before? No. Oh. What do you know about judaism? Well, I know that they always... they put on this little hat. And what else? That's all I know. Well, you're gonna learn a lot more about judaism today. Yeah. Even though I was doing all this to help a pet store, I found myself actually feeling a sense a loss for my little friend. And as the rabbi approached the casket, I really did feel at peace. This morning, we're here to memorialize a loved one, Buzz, your fly. (speaks Hebrew) Blessed are you, Adonai, creator of us all. Would there be anyone that would like to share a little bit about Buzz? Do you want to go up and say something? I go in front right there? Yeah. (clears throat) Uh... Well, I met Buzz-- No, no, like this way. Turn. Face me. Oh, like right here. Yeah. You stand wherever you want. Okay. I met Buzz, and, um, he was a friendly pet. In a way, it's kind of-- it's funny because Buzz was a fly. But when-- wherever Buzz went, he's not flying anymore. Because it's right there in the dirt. Thank you. Thank you. Nathan, would you like to say a few words? Good-bye and... After the service, one of Pet Haven's employees helped bury Buzz, and it was time to bring in his gravestone. Sandblasted into a 6-foot slab of solid granite, Buzz's gravestone weighed nearly 3 tons and cost us $7,000 to make-- a small price to pay for a billboard that will last over 600 years. Once it was finally in place, we unveiled the design for Mike. Along with Pet Mania's name and address, I also added an extra incentive to get mourners into the store. But Mike wasn't impressed. We need to talk about this. Is it cool, or... You notice there's nothing like that around here. Yeah. Mike was concerned it was too big. I can't put it there because these are burial spots, so there's a lot of money involved. I mean, money's not the issue on a lot of things, but-- What would it cost to keep it? $500? Oh, no. More than that. $2,000. Minimum. After a brief negotiation, we agreed that for $2,000, it could stay forever. And within minutes, mourners were already taking notice and likely thinking about replacing their dead pets at Pet Mania. The next day, I brought Jennifer to the pet cemetery to show her what I had done for her business. I think you'll find this is exactly what we agreed upon. Okay. Okay, when I count to three, I want you to take off the blindfold, okay? Okay. One, two, three. Oh, my God. Huh? I don't--I wasn't expecting that huge-- I was just expecting, like, a natural rock. Right. Well, it's certainly going to bring people in to the store. (gentle music) Jennifer loved the ad, and all there was left to do was celebrate. Champagne. (tapping) Oh, [bleep]! Oh. Okay. Well... I was so happy to give Pet Mania the attention it deserved. And even though some might just see it as an ad on a gravestone, to me, it was also the perfect tribute to a friend. During the course of making my show, I've run into a surprising amount of people I seem to rub the wrong way. Take your pizza and stick it up your ass. You know what you are? You remind me of the Wizard of Loneliness. You're playing r-- really a dangerous game right now. Okay, I'm sorry. I'm not sure why that is, but I know that as a TV host having a personality that people don't like is bad for business. And that's why I needed to make a change. So for the first week of shooting my show this season, I hired a focus group that represents a cross-section of American society to watch my every move from a nearby box truck. Tell me a little bit about your business. We have the doors. We have mahogany wood. Using a hidden ear piece, they were able to give me real-time feedback on the fly... We have oak. Express yourself with your hands, with your shoulders, with anything. So you've got the best prices in town. ...that would help me become a more likable host. Wow. That's really cool to hear. Yeah. There you go. They told me how to engage with my audience more. Like 500 models of doors you could choose from. Now do you manufacture all the doors in this building? We manufacture most of them in this building, yes. There you go. Good job. And they also had some fashion tips to make me more relatable. I think a V-Neck would go well with you. A V-Neck? Really? A blazer. A T-Shirt with a blazer might work. Yeah. That's sort of a popular style right now. Yeah. The only issue we encountered early on was that it was hard for the group to stay focused while we were mobile. Whoa! Ohh... But we quickly found a solution to that by bolting down the tables and strapping them in while the truck was moving. (wood creaking) As the week went on, I was able to evolve my style to become more in line with their tastes, and a more likable me was starting to take shape. Good to meet you, man. Good to meet you too. So tell me about your foot massage parlor. Oh, there we go. Body motions are great. We also do facial and head, too. Now, everyone loves a foot massage, right? Oh, great. He looked out at the camera. Great looking at the camera. Good job. The group was absolutely loving who I was now. Now, is that a soapy water or is it just plain water? Just the water, just clean, pure-- just water, yes. Just water. Wow. That's so interesting. There you go. Good! Good. And even though I was still getting used to it, it seemed like I had become a better version of me. But before fully committing to this, I wanted to put my new personality through the ultimate test. And we'll see that in a bit. But first... Having a professional maid come to your home is one of life's great luxuries. But what begins as a desire to have a tidy house often turns into a day-long dance where your home isn't fully yours. It's okay if I go to cleaning around here? Oh, you wanna clean in here now? Here? Oh, yeah, yeah. A house clean is a full-day inconvenience. (vacuum humming) And that gave me an idea that would help Candy Pallares, of The Help maid service in Glendale, California, offer her customers a speedier clean. Nathan. How are you doing? I always do a weak handshake up front to establish that I'm not a threat. Okay. (laughs) Okay. Okay. That's nice. Just something--yeah. Oh, cool. And after some small talk, we got down to business. A lot of people just want two people there for two hours, and they usually can do a general cleaning of things. So one maid takes four hours. Two maids takes two hours. Mm-hm. By that logic, 40 maids could clean a house in six minutes. Yes. By offering to clean houses 40 maids at a time, Candy would not only double the amount of jobs, she could do in a day, but her customers would likely pay a premium fee for a service that allows them to have a spotless home in the time it takes to go out and grab a cup of coffee. The plan: For The Help to offer the fastest clean in the country with 40 maids. Well, if a customer, I mean, asked for that-- if they want 20 people, 40 people in their house, I could provide it because I have the teams. But they've never really asked for a turbo-clean or anything like that. No one knows to ask for something that hasn't been invented yet. It just-- I don't know how it would work. Candy was intrigued, but knowing that coordination would be our biggest challenge, I first needed to do a test. So I found a guy who was willing to try out the service... Do you know that measurements of this room? and mapped out a detailed floor plan of the inside of his house. Oh, is there something? Yeah. I think somebody stepped in dog sh1t outside and brought it in here, so... Oh. I hope that wasn't me. So I guess they'll get that, too, then. That'd be great. Yeah. With a house to clean, the next day I had Candy assemble four of her best maids back at the office to be team leaders. Seven in the kitchen, five in the living room... And together, we came up with a sure-fire plan to execute a six-minute clean. For this to work, the maids would have to travel together, so I had a bus rented and outfitted with branding. And I parked it at a central location where all the maids could meet. Candy was able to assemble the 40 we needed from her roster. And after dividing them into groups, the team leaders assigned each individual maid a specific task. And after all the maids loaded onto the bus, Candy had to head back to the office. So it was all up to me to make this work. Let's do this. Okay. Okay. Okay. Knowing that this would have to be executed like clockwork, while en route to the house, I made sure that each maid had her individual role down pat. What's your job? I'm doing the mopping under the b-- the, uh, bed. You seem a bit unsure, so I just-- You can't be second-guessing when we're in there. It's gonna go really fast. What's your job? The sink? Is that gonna take six minutes, The sink? Mm-hm. Yeah. It will take six minutes? Mm-hmm. Okay. Moments later, we arrived at the client's home. There was nothing more I could do to prepare them now. All right. We're gonna do this. Okay. Now? Yeah. The future of my concept was in the hands of a bus full of maids. All right. Ready, go! (women speaking Spanish, chattering) Go, go, go. Faster. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. (intense drumming) Pick up the pace. ♪ ♪ Hurry in. (drumming continues while women chatter) It's cool, huh? Oh, yeah. This is amazing. ♪ ♪ Are you in a relationship right now? L.A. Is a really tough town (laughing) to meet good people. So I guess that makes me in between relationships. (intense drumming, women chattering) What was your last relationship? Um, well, you know, we were pretty serious and played house for a while. Yadda, yadda, yadda. She, uh, married her ex-boyfriend, and, uh, I'm in L.A. training dogs. Oh, crap. ♪ ♪ Hurry, hurry, hurry as fast as you can. (chattering) Let's go, guys. Come on. Great job. Come on, guys. Come on, guys. Once all 40 maids were out, I brought Jim in to see if he was satisfied with his clean. It hasn't looked this good since we moved in. Realistically, it hasn't looked this good since I moved in. And this place was dirty, too, I mean... . You know. Yeah. It looked terrible. All right, guys. We didn't hit our six minutes exactly. We were 8 minutes and 16 seconds. Regardless, Jim was very happy with his clean. Amazing job. Y'all did a wonderful job. Thank you very much. Absolutely. What do you think of Jim? He's such a great guy for hosting you, huh? (women and Jim giggling) And, uh... he's single... Ladies? I don't know if you're rested in any of them. You're very kind, but they did all the hard work. They deserve applause. They really did a good job. Thank you. If you're lucky, he could do some hard work on you. (clears throat) (sighs) All right. I was so impressed that I pulled off a rapid house clean, hopefully the first of many. And the next day, I returned to see if Candy now saw the potential of my idea. I guess the biggest part would be kind of coordinating to see how they get there at the same time. But I think the cleaning itself, I mean, seems like it's doable. And then it worked. That's great. Yeah. And who knows? Maybe we could do something in the future. Yeah. Like what? Other tasks, other opportunities. Yeah, yeah. W-whatever. I guess. Mm-hmm. Um... What are you doing... later tonight? I'm gonna go have, I guess, a late snack or something. Oh, yeah? Alone or... With my husband. With your husband. Yeah. That's sweet. Yeah. Uh... It was great meeting you, you know. Good luck with your business. I got to scoot, so... Okay, well... That's cool. See you later. (pensive piano music) ♪ ♪ (whistles) Last season of my show, I helped a private investigator named Brian Wolfe who wasn't too fond of my natural personality. You're in a [bleep] pink shirt and everything else. Oh, you're killing me. But now, thanks to the advice of a diverse focus group, I was able to transform into a more likable person. So for my final test, I visited Brian at his home to see what he thought of the new me. So I've come a long way so far, thanks to you. Before I go in tonight to talk to Brian, I just wanted to know do I look okay? Is all the... outfit? You look good. You're dressed, again-- it fits you perfect, the V-Neck and the blazer. This is good? Yeah. It fits you. It fits you. Okay. And so this is me. This is you. Be proud of who you are. With those encouraging words, I marched into Brian's house to see if my new personality would win him over. Brian. Nathan. How you doing? How you been? I want to tell you something, Brian. Last time I was here, I was a little nervous. Okay. And I wasn't really being myself. So I thought we could do this again. Okay. And this time, you can get to know the real me. Look at you. You're still a goober, but that's just you. You know what I mean? What are you talking about, Goober? What's that mean? Goober just means like a dork, a nerd. I'm a nerd. You know you're a nerd. You've been a nerd your entire life. There's nothing wrong with being a [bleep] nerd. You're a nerd. I'm not a nerd. All right, well, you know, that's my opinion. Seriously, if I threw a football at you right now, you think you could catch it? I could catch the football. You can catch a football? Yeah. I doubt it. I doubt you can catch a football. Brian still didn't like me. And after all the work I had done, I didn't know why. Don't be sad. It's okay. Then, when I returned to the truck, I was shocked to discover that the group was trying to distance themselves from their own suggestions. It's too low. The V-Neck. It's just too low. Why didn't you speak up before? I asked before I went in if this was good. I didn't know it was gonna be that low, man. What do you mean? You didn't like the V-Neck? Not that low. I asked you guys before I went in what do you think of this look? V-Neck is this, not here. You guys said you liked the look. It fits you perfectly, V-Neck and the blazer. That's when I realized there was a major flaw with my entire experiment. This new personality was based on the judgment of four people who had agreed to work out of the back of a moving box truck. Of course it was flawed. In the end, maybe there was nothing I could do to become the guy that everyone loves. But for a brief moment in time, it felt nice thinking that I had a chance. Can I get a little rubby-dub-dub? Ho ho ho ho! Nice. Good one. Good one. Good one. All right. (upbeat music)
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now, I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners to make it in this competitive world. This is Nathan for you. Over 10 million tourists visit Hollywood each year, And souvenir shops compete hard to sell them items that most would consider embarrassing to own. But in the souvenir game, location is everything. And that's why, tucked away nearly five blocks from the Main Strip, L.A. Fame is struggling. It's a sad tale, and with business this slow, Owner John Kim has a tough time finding things to boast about. Recently, we had someone from of Mice & Men come in-- From the-- They're a rock band that's pretty popular right now. But other than that, you know... So I paid John a visit to see if I could help. Why are you wearing a touk? A touk? What-- This. Oh. What do you call it? It's a beanie. So that's-- I'm from Canada. We call it a "touk." Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm just cold right now. That's why I'm wearing it. (chuckles) Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. My mission was to attract more tourists to L.A. Fame. If you're visiting Hollywood, there's nothing more exciting than seeing the magic of the movies up close, so if John redesigned his storefront to make it look like a blockbuster movie was always being shot there, every tourist on the Strip would flock to L.A. Fame to see the action up close. Then all I need to do is offer each tourist a part in the movie. Their role? A paying customer at a souvenir shop. Okay. Okay. Tourists get very excited... Yeah. around celebrities and movie sets, so they wouldn't think rationally. Yeah. Once you have the crowd here, it becomes very easy to sell to them. Yeah, maybe. John was onboard, so to make L.A. Fame look as much like a real movie set as possible, I rented some lights and equipment and set them up outside of his shop. Next, to make the movie truly exciting for tourists, I hired professional Johnny Depp impersonator Ronnie Rodriguez, who I hoped would convincingly pass for the real Johnny from a distance. I also hired a worse Johnny Depp impersonator to act as a stand-in and make Ronnie look better by comparison. With everything in place, the fake movie shoot began. Action. As I pretended to direct, tourists slowly began to gather. Cut. Let's do another take of that. That was really good, guys. And excitement was building around our celebrity star. Yeah, it's amazing. Yeah. And once we gave them a tiny peek of Johnny... Whoo-hoo, Johnny. they were putty in my hands, and it was time to sell some souvenirs. Hi, everyone. So as you can see, we're filming a movie here. It's called The Web. It's about a hacker, played by Johnny Depp, who has to hack into an asteroid to stop it from hitting the Earth. Okay. So this is a little bit unorthodox, but we need some extras to be in the scene. I don't know-- Is that okay? Is anyone interested? Right here. (crowd calling out) Really? Oh, wow. With no shortage of volunteers, I had them brought to set one at a time to give them their direction. Let me just explain to you what you have to do. Okay. Go into the store, buy an item, and then leave. Okay, cool. Okay, so, on action. Ready? Yes. Action. You don't have to go so fast, sir. You can slow down. Okay. It might not have been an Oscar-worthy performance... $6.53. But our first customer of the day left happy. Thank you. Okay, thank you. Have a nice day. I gave each extra some direction and let them run with it. So I need you to go in there, pick out an item, buy it, and then leave. Okay. Okay. Okay, so I need you to go in there, buy something, then leave. Okay. Okay. My plan was working beautifully, as tourists were buying items in a steady stream. The scene was fake, but these sales were real, and customers were thrilled with their purchases. Did you pay for that? Yeah. Okay, so it's yours then. Oh. But each transaction was just for a small amount, so I took John's place to show him how he could get customers to spend more. Oh, hello, Officer Suzanne. Hi. How's the hacker investigation going? Um-- Wait, what do you want me to say? Oh, just say, "No leads yet." Okay. Go ahead. Oh, no leads yet at all, so... Okay. Mm-mm. Well, I have the stuff you asked me to put aside. Mm-hmm. That'll be $87, please. Okay. Here we are. Oh, thank you. You're very welcome. (credit card machine beeping) Are you actually, like, charging it to my card? You're breaking character. Okay. Just say, "Thank you." Thank you. Okay, yes. $87 in a single transaction was unprecedented for a souvenir shop, but I soon discovered I wasn't in the clear yet. So you had a question about something or... Yeah, I mean, I don't want this stuff, but-- Oh, do you want a refund? Yeah. I had anticipated that people might want their money back, so I came up with a plan that would hopefully make them reconsider. This movie stars Johnny Depp. Yeah. I don't know if you knew, but he was watching the footage... Yeah. on the monitor view, and he just thought you were, like, the most natural actress. Have you acted before? No, never. You've never? Mm-mm. If you want, I might be able to get you in there to meet him. Yeah, if he doesn't mind, I mean... Yeah, I mean... Okay. Johnny? Yes? You decent? Hey. Johnny, this is Karter, the actress you just-- Hi. Oh, hi. How are you? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. How you doing? I'm good. Wow, so... I heard you did a good job on the scene. Oh, thank you. Are you a-- you're a fan of his, or... Of course. Oh, really? Of course I am. Pirates of the Caribbean, come on. Really? (chuckles) Good. Good, it's a-- Thank you very much. Pleasure to meet you. Do you want him to sign some stuff for you? Like, in here? Yeah. I mean-- Oh, wait. You did-- You wanted to return those? Oh, really? Well-- If he signs them, we can't return them, so... Yeah, well, if he signs one, can't you-- Can you, or no? No? He usually likes to sign everything. I can-- All right. Let me see. I can't say no to an autograph, I mean... "To my favorite--" Rum should probably go in here. It was a tense 15 minutes as Ronnie signed everything in her basket. So when is this movie supposed to be coming out? Um... But in the end, she kept all her souvenirs and went home happy. And as the day progressed, we got better and better at getting customers to make big purchases. Your character is a customer who loves to spend money. He's rich, and he loves to just buy souvenirs. So that's your motivation. Action. And people seemed to be embracing their roles. I'm gonna give myself an Oscar for being so rich. How's that? All right. (chuckles) Over the course of the day, we sold a record number of souvenirs. The total comes out to $170.92. $170... And even though the autographs may have been fake, the memories these regular folks took home that day would last a lifetime. And at the end of the day, I wanted to see if John planned to keep using my sales method. Is this something you might want to keep doing? Um... No, I mean-- Maybe. Maybe, yeah. Maybe? So-- Okay. Yeah. That's good. Unfortunately, Ronnie, the Johnny Depp impersonator, has limited availability outside of today. Right. So I found another impersonator that could replace him, perhaps, if you want to continue this. Okay. This is William. He's a professional Bill Gates impersonator. Okay. Why don't you give him a little taste of Bill? Yes, it's a pleasure to be here. You know, when we started our computers, um, back in the '80s, it was huge. And the business-- they were huge machines. You know, we started-- I started in a garage. Okay, I think that-- yeah, that's enough probably. So, yeah, you do this for a living, right? Yes, sir. Okay. Yeah, well, I'll leave you guys to work out the details, I guess. Okay. You can take it from here. But, yeah, great to meet you. Great to meet you. All right, see ya. Thank you. Thank you. Um, I mean... Well, I hope everybody buys Microsoft-- continues-- continue the business. We can always use it, and we're so grateful that-- what we have accomplished. Okay. What you-- (uplifting music) Um... I assume this goes without saying, but in making this show, I ensure that every idea I present to a business I help is completely, 100% legal. However, in the weeks since helping L.A. Fame, I discovered that certain elements of my marketing plan may have actually constituted fraud. And that's not good. When I finished up with John, I assumed my work with his business was done, but then our production began receiving several emails from souvenir shop customers asking when The Web, my fake movie, was coming out in theaters. Not knowing how to respond to these emails, I met with retired California state judge the Honorable Anthony Filosa for some guidance. It's fraud. Theft, basically. Theft and fraud? Yes. What you did was a criminal offense. It can be punished by a misdemeanor or by a felony depending on the amount of money involved. You're admitting to me that-- No, I didn't admit anything. Well, you said that you did not intend to make a movie. So how do I get out of this? You have two options. You could make an offer to refund the money. That would be one way. Or, of course, actually make the film. So if The Web were a real movie, then I would be covered? Yes. Yes. Judge Filosa had given me a great way to beat a fraud charge. I'd edit the footage we shot at L.A. Fame into a movie, but this task proved to be difficult. It was all just random scenes with customers, no story. I knew this wouldn't hold up, so I spend the night writing a script that would weave the customer footage into a clear narrative. To make it more compelling, I added a love story for my character and cast an actress to play my girlfriend, and later that week, we officially began production on The Web. Have you ever done an on-camera kiss before, or... I have, yeah. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Have you? What? Have you? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, cool. It's not like we're kissing. It's like our characters are kissing. Oh, sure, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So it's, like, you know, it's not, like, a big deal or anything. No. Yeah, yeah. After some actor-to-actor talk, We began the scene. I love you so much, Richard. I love you too, Allison. Come here. I don't know what I'm gonna do without you. I know. (whispering) I haven't done this before. It's okay. It was a bit of a rocky start as my nerves kept getting in the way. And as the takes went on, I was having trouble staying in character because I was really enjoying the kisses. But with time, our chemistry became very natural, and after calling Ronnie back to shoot some additional scenes, I felt like we had enough to make a somewhat logical film. So I returned to Judge Filosa and showed him the entire movie to see if we were in the clear. So this is it? It's a rough cut. If this is your defense and it's in front of a jury, they'd laugh you out of the courtroom. But this-- You said anything can be a movie. No, but I-- I'm assuming a movie has to have some kind of a plot. There's a plot. What's the plot? He would save the world through hacking. Going into a store? Judge Filosa's reaction was beginning to worry me, but then he offered a glimmer of hope. If it was accepted by the showbiz community as a movie and won an award, then I-- the court would have to take that into consideration, wouldn't it? He was right. Winning an award was the perfect way to make my movie somewhat credible. So I sent copies of The Web to several film festivals in the hope it would be accepted into competition. But after getting nothing but rejection letters, it seems like I only had one option left: to start a film festival of my own. So I came up with a name, logo, and entry form, and then submitted The Web in the short film category. But an award from my festival would mean nothing without a respected name from the film industry involved, So I made some calls... Personally, I am a huge fan of your work. And was able to land the second unit script supervisor from the Oscar-winning movie Bonnie and Clyde to judge the film. You know, I didn't see any continuity errors at all. Thank you. Is that what a script supervisor does? All I needed now was at least one other film that The Web would have a chance of beating, and after a bit of searching, I found a contender-- a 90-second clip of nothing but a man farting. (flatulence) And with a venue secured, it was time for the festival to begin. Turnout to my festival was slim, with only a few people from the neighborhood buying tickets, but the only thing that mattered was that our industry judge had arrived, and with Crayton in his seat, it was time to start the show. Welcome to the first annual Eastern Los Angeles International Film Festival. (scattered applause) Today is the short film competition, And I'm excited to announce that judging our selection of shorts is industry legend Crayton Smith, who you might know from being the script supervisor on Bonnie and Clyde. So you know if he picks a film as the winner, it's definitely a real film. (scattered applause) (whispering) Come here a second. Oh. Bonnie and Clyde, I was just the second unit, so... Just second unit? I had no credit or anything. You're credited on imdb for Bonnie and Clyde. Yeah, but on The Wild Bunch, my credit is on the screen and... Oh, okay, sure. So The Wild Bunch you'd rather me say? Yeah, that's fine. So Crayton just informed me that actually he was credited as a script supervisor on The Wild Bunch, but-- did work on Bonnie and Clyde, but was not credited. (scattered applause) Okay, first up, we have a sci-fi thriller called The Web. Please enjoy. (scattered applause) (hip-hop music) ♪ Uh-huh, that's what's up ♪ ♪ What it do, homegirl ♪ ♪ Is we drinking or what ♪ ♪ Yeah, break it off ♪ Coming in on weekends now, Kip? I'm a hacker, Mel, not a slacker. Cops are getting suspicious. You should get your own office, stop using my back room. Whatever, grandma. All right, it's hacking time. Thank you. Have a good day. Hey, boss, did you see this? Microsoft's been putting microchips into asteroids to control them. This can't be good. You should tell Kip. Right. What are you up to, Mr. Gates? (cell phone dings) Crap, the cops are here. Let me distract them while you figure this out. Okay, cool. Oh, hello, Officer Suzanne. Hi. How's the hacker investigation going? Go ahead. Oh, no leads yet at all, so... Okay. That'll be $87, please. (electronic trilling) Danger. Asteroid microchip malfunction. Oh, no. What have I done wrong? I can't believe this. I've worked so hard to get this computer project going. This is unheard of. What's going on? It looks like there are asteroids on a straight trajectory towards Earth. We'll all be dead in five minutes. What are you talking about? There's a microchip in there. Can't you hack it? I'll do my best. Crap, I have a girlfriend. Sorry I had to call you away from work. This just might be our last chance to say good-bye before the asteroid hits. Oh, no. I love you so much, Richard. I love you too, Allison. Come here. (saccharine flute and violin music) ♪ ♪ I hacked faster than I've ever hacked before. When word of the asteroid got out, people were racing to get supplies. Everyone wanted souvenirs so they could remember the Earth. And people were sad. Oh. Angry mobs formed on the street. (crowd calling out) The odds of me stopping this asteroid were slim, but I had to try. Asteroid access granted. Trajectory has been reprogrammed. I did it. You saved the world, Kip. ♪ The time is now, start the day ♪ ♪ Set the goal, get underway ♪ The Web went over as expected, and now it was time to seal my fate as the best film of the night. Our next short is a documentary called Me Farting on Command. (scattered applause) (flatulence) (flatulence continues) (flatulence continues) My hope was that the fart movie served its purpose, because now that the screening was over, it was up to our judge to pick the best short, and I nervously awaited his decision. Okay, here you go. All right. Selected The Web. I did. All right. Hand me this award... All right. For best short film. Hand it to you now? Oh, yeah. Okay, uh, this-- You don't need a speech or anything, yeah. Good. Thank you. I did it, and with the award in hand, we now had proof that my marketing plan for L.A. Fame was 100% legal. My work here was done, but there was one more person I wanted to share the good news with. I was so proud of my movie's success, and I couldn't wait to tell my costar, Jessee. I don't know if you know, but the film we did actually won an award. What? Yeah. What award? Eastern Los Angeles International Film Festival. All right, that's exciting. It's exciting, yeah. (laughs) Pretty good. Yeah, yeah. Anyways, there was something I wanted to actually talk to you about. When we did that-- the kissing scene that we did, and I told you I was in character, but that might have been a lie. Well, that's okay. I feel like there might have been some of me in there, and I guess I was wondering if when you did the kiss... how much of that was your character and how much of that was you? Uh... Meaning did I, like-- did I want to kiss you? Me, Jessee? Yeah. Uh... I mean, It wasn't a big deal, but I probably wouldn't grab you on the street and just kiss you out of nowhere. Good to know, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. (somber music) In that moment, I felt sorry for Jessee. To share a kiss with another human and feel nothing is a horrible way to live. As I drove home, I finally understood what it felt like to be a tourist, going somewhere with so much hope and leaving with nothing but a souvenir. ♪ ♪
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now, I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners to make it in this competitive world. This is Nathan for You. Greg Boodaghian works in an industry where dishonesty runs rampant. And that makes the fact that I first thought his business was called "Gay Auto Repair" the least of his worries. His biggest problem? Customers not trusting him. I do have clients like that, then. Once they enter here, they think that I'm ready to rip them off. Greg seemed like an honest mechanic, but before helping him, I needed to be sure. So I baked him some cookies with salt instead of sugar to see if he'd be honest about the taste, and the next day, I paid him a visit at his shop in Glendale, California, with my homemade treats. I have a little surprise for you. I baked you these cookies. For me? Yeah. (laughs) So feel free to have one. Sure. Who made it? You made it? Mm-hmm. What do you think? Very good. You like it? I like it. Yeah, a little salty. Different. Good enough. The plan: for Greg to promote that he's an honest mechanic by only giving estimates while hooked up to a lie detector. I never thought of that, but, you know, it's-- Something like this won't only make you look more honest, But it will make your competitors look more dishonest because it'll make everyone in the city go, "Well, why isn't my mechanic hooked up to a polygraph? I want to go to the guy who is." Probably, yeah. People will think that way. Yeah. Yeah. Greg seemed into my idea, and that meant I needed to find a reliable polygraph machine for him to use. Do you want another one? Oh, I'll take it later. Have another one now. No? No. So I tracked down a local polygraph operator and met up with him at my office to put his machine to the test. Answer the following questions truthfully, okay? Mm-hmm. Is today Thursday? Yes. Are you currently sitting down? Yes. Have you ever used pornography to pleasure yourself? Is that a standard question? Try to not talk between questions. Have you ever used online pornography or pornography to pleasure yourself? No. Okay. Deceptive. (quietly) Well, I don't know about that 100%. I don't look at pornography, so it was obvious that Gene's old machine was too inaccurate to use with Greg. So I sought out a different polygraph operator who claimed to have the most up-to-date equipment. Honestly, this machine looked like something out of the 1500s. It was like... Yeah, those are only 80% accurate. Right. So what I want to do today, along with testing your machine, is to show that I was telling the truth in that situation and that I don't watch online pornography. Okay. And once I was all hooked up, I was ready to take on the hard questions. Do you live in Wisconsin? No. Pass. Do you ever look at pornography on the internet? No. Fail. I--I s-- Have you ever pleasured yourself while watching pornography on the internet? No. Fail. Do you need to reboot the computer or something? There's no-- nothing to reboot. It's rolling. 'cause I noticed your computer is a Dell. So I don't know... Computer's a Toshiba. It never glitches? No. You're failing, I and I think it's 'cause you're lying. But it's weird for me a little bit when I'm telling the truth and the computer is saying I'm lying. and on top of that, it's a Toshiba. Small green mountain, small green mountain, giant green mountain. What was that question for? p0rn. Do you ever watch p0rn on the internet? Is that a Windows 95? Oh, Jesus, dude. You're graspin' at straws. The operating system has nothing to do with what you're shooting out. And it's not Windows 95. XP? Yes. Still, it's not the most recent operating system, I don't think. Despite the inaccuracy of John's dated machine, we had to go with him since there weren't any other operators in the area. See you later. Bye. Back at G&Y, I had a surprise in store for Greg. I got you that sign. All right, that's cool. Yeah? Yeah. With the sign in place, it was finally time for Greg to try out his new honest approach with customers. Hi, how are you? Hey. Hi. We have a special today. Okay. We accept a polygraph test when we give you... Oh, wow. When we give you the estimates. So if you want a-- you're willing to-- That sounds great. (chuckles) Yeah. Customers seemed excited about the promotion, and after a thorough inspection, Greg gave his quote. The rear, you have, like, 5% left. Okay. While John, our polygraph examiner, took notes. Now it was time to put Greg's honesty to the test. Is today Sunday? No. True. Do the rear brake pads only have 5% left? Yes. True. Is $180 a fair price to replace an ABS sensor? Yes. True. Okay. So based on those answers, how do you feel about your estimate? Yeah, it's-- he sounds truthful. Keep in mind, too, that yesterday when he did a test on me, it said that I, you know, pleasured myself to pornography, and I don't do that. So-- (scoffs) just keep in mind... Oh, really? (laughs) It's not fully accurate 100%. Okay. It's like, you know, run on a Toshiba laptop with XP, so-- it's 98% accurate, and he has pleasured himself to p0rn on the internet. No, that's-- we had-- we determined yesterday that that was possibly a glitch with the machine, or-- No, I disputed that right away. There is absolutely no way you were telling the truth on the two questions you failed. Okay. I'm just trying to establish there is some uncertainty, and, you know, to-- There's absolutely no uncertainty. Your body exploded on those two questions across-- But we don't know 100% that my body exploded. It is the computer that's showing... Oh, it was 100% your body. You keep trying to blame it on Windows this and programs. It was your body. You failed. There is no doubt you have watched p0rn on the Internet at some time in your life, and there is zero doubt-- Well, maybe he just-- Maybe he was uncomfortable with the question. No. No? I was uncomfortable with the question, though. So thank you. Despite the accuracy problems with John's machine, more and more customers seemed to enjoy their polygraph-verified quotes. Did you find a loose vacuum hose and you reattached it? Yes. True. So as you can see, the things he quoted you in the estimate were exactly things that are actually problems with your car, and you do need, and you know that. But if you go anywhere else, you won't know that. Right. Sounds like a winner. I was so proud that I could finally help Greg profit from his honesty, and at the end of the day, I wanted to see what he thought of the whole experience. Were you happy with everything that I did? We were happy, yes. We were happy, so-- Yeah. Do you mind if I ask you that while hooked up to the polygraph? Sure. Yeah? So were you happy with everything I did for you today? Yes. True. One more question. Would you ever want to hang out sometime socially with me outside of this? No. True. Hmm. Okay. Well, thank you, and--yeah, thank you for your honesty. Yeah. And, yeah. Best of luck with everything. Are we done? Yeah. Yay. Okay. Have a nice day. Thank you. Good to meet you. Bye. It's-- yeah. All right. Sue Stanford is one of over 6,000 licensed realtors in L.A. County, and in an oversaturated market, it can be hard to stand out from the crowd. We're continually trying to outdo the other-- (chuckles) person, you know, trying to get business. So I paid her a visit to help her become one of the most sought-after realtors in the city. So I always like to begin with some small talk to break the ice and make the other person comfortable. Okay. Have you ever posed for a painting before? No, not actually, not for anything like that. You'd make a good model. You're very beautiful. Well, bless your heart. Thank you so much for saying that. You're welcome. So is that enough small talk to make you comfortable? Yeah, I guess so. My mission was to make Sue one of L.A.'s top realtors. The plan: have her specialize in a currently unrepresented group of homebuyer, the 50% of people who believe in ghosts. Ghosts? When you show a house, you know, half the people that come through are thinking, "Is there a ghost in here?" Okay. So it surprised me that I've never seen a realtor that can guarantee that all the homes they sell are entirely ghost-free. True, yeah. So what I'm suggesting is a complete re-branding of you as the Ghost Realtor. Huh. It's really a wild idea. Sue wasn't fully seeing my vision yet, So to help sell it to her, I mocked up some new branding and prepared a special surprise to get her excited. Ready? Uh-huh. All right, open your eyes. Look. Oh, my gosh. That's amazing. Pretty great, huh? That's me. "My homes are 100% ghost- and demon-free." Oh, my goodness. I could tell Sue was thrilled with her new image, but to fully rebrand as the ghost realtor, she'd need to work with a professional psychic medium Who could verify whether her homes were truly ghost-free. So I found a local psychic online... Hello. I'm psychic Ron Bard. and arranged for he and Sue to meet at one of her listings. My mother was considered Queen of the Psychics by Dr. Hans Holzer. He's written 145 books. Wow. And my daughter just found her first missing child in New York. Okay. So just to be clear, if there's a ghost in this house, you'll be able to tell. That's correct. With Ron's guarantee, I introduced him to Sue. My great pleasure. And then we followed as he led us through the house inspecting each room for the presence of any ghosts. Definitely a change of energy. You feel that, correct? Mm-hmm, definitely. I feel, like, chills going down my spine right now. Right. Is it a ghost? No. Things were off to a great start, as Ron believed the first house was completely ghost-free. I'm not feeling there's any entities in this house. Well, that's good. That's good. Yes. I can sell the house. (chuckles) Yeah. Yeah. But when we visited another one of Sue's listings, Ron felt a presence immediately. I'm hearing screaming and arguing throughout the house. Screaming and arguing? Yeah. This is no good. Oh, dear. The bathroom? This whole house. Something's wrong. Wow. Ron sensed evil all around us. Something went on back there. But it wasn't until we went into the bedroom that he felt the true presence of the ghost. You feel like there's ghosts around, or-- Yeah. Ooh, is that right? I feel there are entities in this house. I see. There's no question about it. Well, that sucks for you. Yeah, yeah. What is his activity in the house? It's, like, evil. It's like--you know what an incubus is? It's a ghost that'll have s*x with someone until they die. (gasps) Wow. That's like what I experienced when I was in Switzerland. Something bad, a bad spirit or a bad entity. This is the room that it's generating from. What happened in Switzerland? When I was being choked. You were being choked in Switzerland? Yeah. We were just talking about that. What? Earlier, we were talking about-- Choked by what? By an entity like that. I felt like I was being picked-- What, a ghost choked you in Switzerland? Yes. Wow. Oh, yes. There's been many things that has happened in my life. That's why it's so interesting to meet you. Sue's bombshell about the Switzerland ghost made me feel an urgency to get rid of this entity right away. The only question was how. It could always be cleaned. Ron suggested an exorcism, so the next morning, I found an exorcist from Fresno named brother Carlos... You have to obey me, and you have to come out. In the name of Jesus Christ, devils. And booked him to do an exorcism in the master bedroom for the following week. In the meantime, Sue had an appointment to show the house that she preferred not to cancel. So before the potential buyer arrived, I reminded her to be upfront about the status of the home. You just have to be honest with the person you're showing it to, and it let them know that even though there is an entity, we will be doing an exorcism very soon, and that will get rid of it. That's-- Yes, okay. That sounds perfect. Okay, great. So good luck. Okay. Thank you so much. Oh, thanks. And moments later, Sue began her first showing as the Ghost Realtor. So the dining room's this way, and then the kitchen's to your right. After the potential buyer made her way through the house, it was up to Sue to close the deal. So what did you think? I like it, especially the walk-in closet. (laughs) Oh, a nice, big one. Yes, a nice, big closet. And the master bedroom is really nice. Yes. I like it, yes. Wonderful. Well, I do have to explain something to you. Upstairs in the master bedroom, we did find a entity, and it was an incubus. I know you're wondering what that is. I have no idea. (laughs) Well, that is a pretty evil spirit, actually, and he said that this spirit rapes women and has s*x with them until they die. I know it sounds awful, but we're going to have it taken care of. We're going to have an exorcist come in and get rid of it. This is real? Really? Like-- I know. (laughs) I know. Isn't that unbelievable that things like this happen in this world? So trust me. Come back in a couple of days, and you'll see it's a big difference. It was clear Sue was having trouble keeping buyers interested with an incubus still present, but I was hopeful all that would change after our exorcism. It was finally the night of the exorcism, and after brother Carlos, our exorcist, arrived, Sue and I led him upstairs to the bedroom where the entity was detected. So what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna anoint this place. Mm-hmm. Okay? And I'm gonna command these spirits to leave. In the martyred name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Come out, evil spirits. Making people believe you are spirits of dead humans, huh? Liars. Liars and deceivers, get out. Get out of here and don't ever, ever come back. After getting rid of the spirit, Brother Carlos insisted that he had to cleanse us as well, as demons can sometimes attach themselves to humans and manifest as physical ailments. Do you have any health issues? Are you constantly getting sick? Do you have migraine headache hitting you all the time? I do have one thing, but it's kind of... What? Private, personal. All right. It's hemorrhoids. Yeah, that's demonic. Oh, yeah. Okay. So how you say it again? I don't see this demon very often. He--em-or-oid? Hemorrhoids. Hemorrhoids. Hemorrhoids. Yeah, I don't say this name very often. Oh, I see. So let me go ahead and address this thing right now. Okay? In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I command demons of hemorrhoids. I am casting you out, evil spirits, In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hemorrhoid demons... come out! Is it gone? Wow, you look different. I do? Mm-hmm. You look like something just happened, definitely. Wow. If Sue noticed a change that quickly, I wanted to be sure to leave no stone unturned. Can it help with pen1s size? You see-- Yeah, okay. If it's demonic, yeah, I can cast out the demon from there. I don't have to say for the thing to, you know, increase in size or dimi-- whatever. Okay. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I command all of you demons. If there's a demon there, you know, affecting this man's pen1s, male organs, makin' it smaller, whatever-- If there's any demon there lodged in his pen1s right now, Come out! In the name of Jesus Christ. Come out! You might be free from this thing already. Really? Oh, yeah. After brother Carlos addressed my personal demons... I have an extremely bad back problem, if that can be helpful. Oh, yeah. He offered to help Sue by removing the demons causing her back pain. And as I am addressing these demons right now, I'm gonna be more aggressive, okay, because I know you have signs of someone that have demons inside. Okay? Okay. So just make eye contact with me right now. Okay? In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I command any evil spirit that the Lord Jesus Christ has identified to place divine judgment for violating this soul. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I command you now to get out of this woman right now, evil spirits. I command you now to get out. Demons, look in my eyes. Look in my eyes. You've been messin' up with her back? Right, devils? I'm commanding you to come out. I am commanding you to come out. (moans) (crying) I am commanding you to come out! In the name of Jesus Christ, come out! Come out. Get out. Get out. Come out of Sue's chest. Come out. Come out. Come out, evil spirits. Come out, evil spirits. Demons messin' up with the vertebraes in the neck, Come out in the name of Jesus Christ. Come out. I want all demons out of her spine, get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. (crying) Get out in the name of Jesus Christ. Get out. (shutter clicks) In the name of Jesus Christ, get out. Come out. Come out. Come out. Come out. In the name of Yeshua, come out. In the name of Yeshua, come out. Get out. Look in my eyes. You have to go now. Uh-huh. You have to go. I'm casting you out. You have to go. You have to go. Leave now. Leave now. Leave now. Okay. Leave. Leave. Leave. Stop it! Leave. Stop it. Leave. Go now, and don't ever come back. Take a deep breath three times, please. (sighs) You didn't hurt her or anything, right? No. Okay. 'cause she looks like she's almost dead. Are you okay, Sue? Yeah. Actually, I'm fine. I think I'm feeling a little relief now. It's amazing. (sighs) After cleansing me, Sue, and the rest of the bedroom, Brother Carlos felt confident that the house was now entirely ghost-free. After all we did here in this room, I'm pretty much certain that there's no evil spirits right here in this-- in this bedroom. And after wishing him well, I felt like I had done all I could to reinvigorate Sue's career. He was amazing. Yeah. So the home is now ghost-free. Yeah. It's a beautiful home, and I think now that the ghost is gone, it's going to be so much more alluring to people to come in here and have a look at it. Mm-hmm. Before I go, I have a little something for you. Really? Yeah. No. Yeah, a little gift. Really? Yeah. Oh, my gosh. I've been doing a little bit of painting in my spare time, And I just did this from imagination, you know. Did you? Yeah. I kind of used your real estate photo for the face and my imagination for just the rest of the body. Very nice. Thank you so much. Okay, I'll see you later. Okay. Okay, bye. Bye. (upbeat music) Just full of surprises here.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now, I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. [epic orchestration] ♪ Brian wolfe claims to be the best private investigator in the los angeles area. You know what I mean? You keep people happy, they're gonna keep-- You're gonna-- they're gonna come back. I'd love to take him at his word, but when I looked him up on yelp, he had zero reviews, and that's not good. So I paid him a visit with a plan to change that. When did you first know that you liked to snoop? [laughs] Snoop. No, it's not really snooping. I mean, it's just-- Well, it is. It's not. You know what I mean? It's observing. We call it "observing." Well, here's the thing. I looked you up on yelp, and you have zero reviews. Zero reviews. Well, what a name, "yelp." Yelp's a web site where people look-- You look me up on google, you-- Look up "wolfe investigations." What about yelp? Okay, you keep on going on about yelp. Why do I care about yelp? Seriously, no, let's just think about this for one second. Okay? Been in business for 24 years. Why do I care if yelp has a review about me? Do you think I really care about yelp? I don't give a [bleep] About yelp. The plan: give wolfe's investigations their first five-star yelp review. You're [bleep] Kidding me. Are you done having your tantrum? Look, I'm sitting down. I'm relaxed. Just listen. I can't just give you a review without knowing how good you are... Okay. So I'm gonna hire you to track a person. Okay. I'm gonna give you 24 hours to track my whereabouts, and if you do a good job at that, I'll give you a five-star review. Easy. Easy? Easy. All right. Okay. Ready? Ready? Set? Go. Give me some-- give me a chance to get a little bit of a head start. Okay. It's too much. A classic game of cat and mouse. If Brian was as good as he says he is, he was probably two steps ahead of me already. But, luckily, I had a plan. If Brian wanted a good review from me, it wasn't gonna be easy. It's one thing for Brian to track one of me, but let's see how he does with nine of me. Prior to visiting Brian, I hired eight actors that looked identical to me, and had them ready and waiting in a nearby hotel room to be my decoys. You guys have one job, which is to be me, right? All: Right. So look how I'm standing. Look at my posture. Listen to how I'm talking. You got that? All: All right. Both: Got it. I have a bit of a jaw thing, so sometimes, I'll go like this to my jaw. If Brian was watching the hotel, this was my first chance to throw him off... But I knew whether he was there or not, the next place he'd look is my house. My understanding is that Nathan's at home. So that's where we're headed right now. So I kept the best body double back at the hotel to prepare him to go to my home as me. So when you're there, you know, you need to be like me. Okay. So there's a bunch of dishes in the sink. So you can do those. Um, there's also laundry, so you could do that. Um, and the house needs to be vacuumed. So you want me to clean your house? Yeah, stuff that would look like you're me. Okay. I gave him my keys and my address, but now I needed his. If you're me, then who's you, right? So I gotta be you while you're being me. Want my keys? Give me--yeah. If you think I'm being unreasonable, keep in mind that Brian is a professional p.I. And he'd be able to sniff out any inconsistencies in my plan. Do you have a girlfriend? I have a fiancee, yeah. A fiancee? Mm-hmm. What's her number? I need to be you if you're me, or else it won't make any sense. You want her number? Really? Uh, yeah. [clears throat] Caitlin, it was? Yeah. When's the wedding date? Next year. We still got to lock down a date. You don't have a date yet? No. Okay, maybe I'll figure that out with her. Um... You do that. With dan's willingness to include his fiancee in the operation, the switch was in full effect. Then, we left as discreetly as possible and got into each other's cars. My initial hunch was right. Brian was secretly watching my house from an suv across the street. Hopefully, my plan to get my double inside would work. Oh, this could be our subject right now. Look at that. It's Nathan. He's parked on the north side of the street. Bingo. Looks like he's carrying a case of beer on his left shoulder. Amazing. Going to a party tonight. He's walking to the residence right now, and now, he's out of view. Mission accomplished. The beer-on-shoulder trick actually fooled Brian, but, at the time, I didn't know that. So I headed to dan's house. And on my way, I made a quick stop. Hi, do you-- do you sell any condoms at all? Yes, sir. I didn't know what was gonna happen once I got to dan's house... Do you have anything that's smaller? But I wanted to be prepared for everything... This is the smallest? Yes. But when I arrived, my plan immediately started to crumble. Hey. Both: Hi. He left me a message that someone was coming over, but I wasn't expecting all this. Babe, um, so this guy showed up, and he keeps calling himself "dan," And he brought me flowers and some malbec. Dan's fiancee was creeped out by me, and I didn't know what to do. I mean, I'd feel better if you, you know, left. And then, when dan gets back, you can come back. My whole plan was falling apart. I was tired, and I had nothing left to do but give up. Nathan. Hey. How are you doing? All right, I give up. You got me. You're playing mind games. I can't keep up. You're an easy prey, kid. Well, you're the--you're a pro, so what can I say? Thank you. Do you wanna go grab a beer or something? I know a great place down the block. Let's do it, jump in. Do you wanna? Yeah, let's go. Come on. Okay. Who the [bleep] Are you? What? You heard what I said. Who the [bleep] Are you? I'm Nathan. You're not Nathan. I just talked to you three seconds ago. You know what? Enough shenanigans. Get the [bleep] Out of my truck now. "I learned an important lesson that day-- that no matter where I was or how long I stayed in one place..." What are you, [bleep]? Get out! "I'd always be running. I'd always have no home while Brian hunted me down. But the most important thing I learned of all is that Brian S. Wolfe is an amazing private investigator. Four stars. He's a little talkative, so that's where he lost the one star." [chuckles] "Nathan F." That's your review. You know what? That's your opinion. Typically, I get five stars. Well, typically, you have no reviews. I don't give a flying [bleep] About yelp, okay? I ought to do a background check on you, see what type of fellow you are. You know what you are? You remind me of the wizard of loneliness 'cause you your own self, your own wizard. That's what you are. [laughs] Look at you in a [bleep] Pink shirt and everything else. Oh, you're killing me. You--you have no friends. That's why you're the wizard of loneliness. Earlier this season, I faked a dating show to help me overcome my fear of women, and it got me thinking-- Maybe I could use this strategy to help someone else. One of the guys that works on my show behind the scenes, solomon, is a quiet, hard worker, but he reminded me a lot of myself. And over the course of the season, we bonded. Well, I like the movie click. With adam sandler? Yes, with adam sandler. That's funny. [chuckles] When I found out he had issues with women as well... Do you have a girlfriend? Uh, at this time, no. I decided to help him out by setting him up on a blind date as part of my show. I wanna set you up on a blind date. That--that's good. You don't seem that excited. No, I-I am. No, well-- show it on your face, then. Uh, excitement? Yeah. Yes, I'm excited! Oh, great. You look excited. Yes, yes, I am. Great. But when I pitched the idea to comedy central, all they saw was an opportunity to cash in. There's a catch. What's the catch? One of the sponsors of the show is quiznos. Um, this isn't a joke, but they are making us do this at one of their restaurants. Okay. So would you be willing to do your date at a quiznos? [stammers] It's okay. The quiznos is good. Solomon took the news well, and even though I wasn't thrilled with having product placement in my show, we'll see solomon's date in a bit. But first, when I get into a taxicab, all I hope for is a nice, quiet ride... Lexington and wilshire, please. But there really is no easy way to ask for that. Uh, Nathan. Um, sorry, I don't really wanna have a conversation right now. It's always been an awkward situation for me. That's why I devised a solution and brought it to struggling los angeles taxi company independent cab, where I met with president nettabi ahmed. All I'm suggesting is you make it easy for the customer to decide if he wants a conversation or not and exactly what he wants to talk about. But you cannot ask somebody, "do you have--do you wanna have a conversation or not?" Until now. The plan-- A touch screen system that will allow the customer to discreetly communicate to the driver whether or not he wants a conversation. And if he does, he'll actually be able to select the topic he wants to talk about. The idea, I accept it right now, but I need to test it, not--not only for your documentary or for your movie, but for the business itself. Before committing to anything, nettabi wanted me to do a trial run with one of his drivers--reuben. Along with reuben's home country of armenia, I picked three more mainstream conversation topics for customers to choose from and took out some books from the library so that reuben could study up on them. You promise you'll read these? I promise, yeah. Okay. 'cause it's very important. Okay. You know, I wanna look good for your boss. Okay. After giving reuben a week to study, we had our touch screen system installed in his cab, and it was time to go pick up some customers. Santa monica and wilton, please. No problem. So we're doing this thing where you can select your conversation preferences for the ride. See, yes or no. Turns out a lot of people were like me. No one wanted to talk to the driver. Love that silence. Just nice and quiet. Are you enjoying the silence? Kind of. But in order to really sell my idea to nettabi, I needed to show the conversation feature working with a customer. Okay. Um, you know, I just wonder what california-- What was native to california, or, you know, like, dolphins, or-- Which whales are native? Yeah, that--that'd be right. Which whales are native to california? California. Yeah. I cannot ask. I'm sorry. But that was covered in the-- in the books. Did you read-- did you read the books? No. You didn't read them? Okay. I was stunned that reuben hadn't prepared. And if he couldn't talk about whales, nettabi would never go for my idea. So I asked him to pull over and had the customer wait outside so we could talk. What's going on? You don't know anything about whales? Reuben knew nothing, and in a last-ditch effort, I pulled up some whale facts on my phone for him to memorize. A sperm whale can hold its breath for at least one hour. One hour, it can hold-- Hold its breath, sperm whale. Okay. Sperm whale. I gave reuben about 15 whale facts, and then, it was time to bring the customer back in. Okay, got it? Yeah. Okay, ready? I'm gonna bring her back in. Yeah. Okay, don't--don't mess it up. Both: Okay. It all came down to this. The fate of my concept was in reuben's hands. So are you-- you were asking about whales? Yes. Okay. So, um... It's a-- very interesting animals. Uh, for example... It can hold the breath underwater for one hour. What else? Also, they can live 200 years. Keep going. All the whales sit around family. Wow. Reuben came through in a big way, and in no time, he was even making up his own facts. Have you ever fought a shark? Yeah. You have? Yeah, it was a great-- great white. Wow. Whoa, you fought a great white? What did you do? His mouth like this. If you go this way, he cannot touch you... Okay. And I tried, and I beat it. A great white shark came to bite you, and you kicked it? Yeah. I kicked it. And did you kill him? No. Yeah, I kill him. Oh, wow. Pretty good, huh? Yeah, it's-- it's really interesting. Do you like this system? Have you ever seen it before? No. Would you tell your friends about it? Uh, sure. Reuben far surpassed any expectations I had for him, and I couldn't wait to show nettabi the results. 'Cause this way, he cannot touch you... Wow. And I tried, and I beat him. That's good. You like it? The customer looks happy. And the driver was comfortable. So I like it. I'm so happy I could help you. Um, do you mind if I leave you my business card? Absolutely. Basically, to care for it, you just have to feed it kind of wheat-- Every day, I have to look at your card. You care for it, yeah. Oh, that's a brilliant idea. Yeah, because you never forget who gave it to you. Yes, you are full-- full of good ideas. Oh, great. Have a good day. You too. Good to meet you. Bye, bye. Earlier, I set up one of my employees on a blind date, and the girl I picked for him was someone that I met on my fake dating show-- Rachel. There's no one else like me. [laughs] As part of the agreement with quiznos, solomon was gonna have to say some branding cues from the company during his date. So I gave him a hidden earpiece and stationed myself in the back room with a quiznos marketing rep so I could tell him what to say during his date. I could tell solomon was nervous, but he looked fantastic in my grandpa's suit. I just hoped that he could hit it off with rachel. Hi, my name is solomon. Hi. I'm rachel. You have nice eyes. Oh, thank you. So do you. Thank you. You could ask her if-- "what's your favorite quiznos sub?" All right, is that kind of weird early on in the date? I tried to hold off the quiznos rep as long as I could so solomon and rachel could really connect... Have you seen the movie click? No. Oh, it's about, um, a guy that gets this remote control, and he control life. Oh, wow, awesome. Yeah. But, eventually, she was just too persistent. Did you know the baja chicken has... Chef-inspired... Chef-inspired sauces? Did you know the baja chicken has chef-inspired sauces? Oh, really? Cool. Have him say, "mm, toasty." Are you kidding me? So, um... Will you say, "mm, toasty" after you bite it? Mm. Toasty. [chuckles] Now, we could talk about the artisan breads, the freshly sliced meats and cheeses-- Okay, I'm-- I love quiznos, and I'm happy to do this, but can we let them do their thing for a bit, and get to know each other? Okay. Be genuine. Be yourself. Speak from the heart. Do you-- do you know any poems? No. Do you? Yes, I do. "roses are red, violets are blue. No one is prettier than you." Aw. Thanks. You're welcome. That's good. Yeah, if we can throw in the tag line again. All right, wrap it up, solomon. So, uh, it seems, uh, that we're done with... With the tasty quiznos... Sandwich. Great. You're real pretty and I want to see you again. Even with the awkwardness of our product placement, I was so happy things worked out for solomon. But there was still one thing I had to look into. Earlier tonight, you saw me help a private investigator. But what I didn't show you is that after we were done, I asked him if he wanted to hang out, and he rebuffed me. Would you wanna hang out on saturday night? No, it's not gonna happen. Why? I have plans. You have plans? I do. On saturday? I do. What are the plans? Taking my girl out to dinner. You're going out to dinner with your girl? Yes. All right. But there was something in Brian's tone that just didn't seem right to me, so I hired a second private investigator to spy on Brian to see if he really went out with his girl. And if it's open, he's definitely home. Yeah, exactly. I never saw him leave at all, period. 'cause he told me he was going out with his girl that night. Oh, interesting. You don't look too happy. No, I'm just-- I'm surprised he lied to me. What--do you think the guy, like--he didn't like me, or... I don't know, you know? I mean, somet--I mean, if I don't like somebody and they'd ask me that, I'd probably say, "I'd love to go out with you. I'm just really busy." Right, so he was just trying to get rid of me. I think he was trying to get rid of you. [chuckles] That's what it sounds like. No--sorry about that, but-- No, no, no. It's just my opinion. Yeah, you did a great job. My pleasure. Um, what are you doing this weekend? This weekend? Uh, probably going to go to San Francisco. We'll have to make it another time. [both chuckle] No, I'm probably going to go to San Francisco, see my family. Mm. Yeah. Okay. All right, thanks so much for coming in and helping. You got it. Take care. Nice to meet you. All right. Do you wanna hang out sometime--a time outside? I don't know. It's fine. Mm... We don't have to. That's fine. Yeah, okay. You're--are you in a relationship right now? Yes. [chuckles] Okay. So sorry, nevermind. Nice guys like us are left behind. Mm, how do you say? "nice guys finish last." You have no friends. That's why you're the wizard of loneliness. That's you. I need you to pretend to be my friend. I can pay you. So are you attracted to him? I guess no. He wasn't really what I expected. We'll have to make it another time. [chuckles] [dial tone rings] Good afternoon. Global investigations. Hi, you're a private investigator? Uh, yes. How may I direct your call? Um, yeah, I just want to find out if a paul katz is going to San Francisco this weekend. [up-tempo dramatic orchestration] ♪ Ab-so-lutely. [puffs] [airplane soaring]
Good evening. We're coming to you from the historic elysian park in los angeles, california. Now, every week on my show, I challenge people to take big risks. But some have been critical that I never take risks myself. Well, tonight, that's all gonna change. Over the past month, I've been learning how to pick the lock on these police-grade handcuffs. "why?" you ask. Because tonight I'm gonna take a bigger risk than anyone has ever taken on television before. In just a few moments, I'm going to be handcuffed to this solid steel frame, and I'll have exactly 90 seconds to free myself before the claw on this robotic arm undoes my pants, exposing me to an audience of children. If that happens, an l.A.P.D. Officer is standing by to arrest me for indecent exposure. We've all seen escape artists risk death before. But tonight, I'm going to risk something even worse: becoming a registered s*x offender for life. And what you're going to see tonight is 100% real. Welcome to Nathan for you. This is the claw of shame. [dramatic music] Now, you know this is controversial, right? What do I gain by doing this? Nothing. If he's gonna escape, if he's gonna go to jail. I might not even attempt it. He's taking a big risk. If you've seen my show before, you know I usually focus on helping small businesses by bringing them big ideas. But tonight's episode is going to be a bit different. Right now, you're seeing my final practice run, my last chance to get the escape right before risking life as a s*x offender. But to get to this point, it took months of planning and preparation. Firstly, I am not an escape artist. And though I have some experience doing magic as a teenager... There's nothing in the bag, right? Yeah. [giggles] Bag is completely empty. You can see right through it. I quit performing years ago and have never done an escape before. So I booked a training session with escape master mark paskell so I could learn how to pick the locks on a pair of cuffs. How do I escape from handcuffs? A shim. Oh. If you have a shim, you can-- Is that a hair clip? This is a hair clip, but it's-- it's adapted a little bit. You get in there... [click] And push. Right. Then you can get out. Even after he taught me, it took me over 30 minutes to pick the lock. I had a lot of work ahead of me to get my time down to 90 seconds. And after some practicing, I told mark my idea for the escape: to have two stagehands pulling down my pants with ropes, exposing me to the public. And since mark was clearly an expert on this stuff, I was hoping to have him as an official advisor on the escape. I mean, what do you think? Mm, I don't know. It's moving a little bit out of my field. I guess I could say you're a consultant on the escape. [exhales] Mm, I don't know. I'll have to get back to you. Would you want that? I'll have to get back to you on that, think on it. We'll just credit you as a consultant on the escape. I appreciate that. It's no big deal. We'll just give it to you. Appreciate that, but-- It's done. It's as good as done. I appreciate it, but what I'm saying is, I will get back to you. You'll get back to me about the credit? Yeah. Well, we'll just put it in anyways. Just, we'll put it in the credits of the show. I never heard back from mark, but at least I knew how to pick handcuffs. What I didn't know was the legal requirement for becoming a s*x offender. So I found an actual california judge that would agree to advise me on the escape on camera, the honorable anthony filosa. So if I don't escape in 90 seconds, I'll be exposed to some people. What are "some people"? Just, like, adults or something? I don't know. Children? Adults? Is children better? Interesting question. Both could be offended. More likely children, insofar as that it's offensive, period. So you're saying it's better to use children? I-I don't really think it's my place to suggest it. Okay. Sure. All right? Yeah, I really don't. I took the judge's suggestion that I should expose myself to children, and on top of that, he was a treasure trove of information on how to become a s*x offender. There would have to be the element of willfulness proven. So would it help if, right before I did it, I said, "I'm doing this on purpose to expose myself"? Well, you just abandon any precaution. "you know, folks, something could happen, you know, and if it does, so what?" Something like that. So it's like, you know, if this goes wrong, I don't really care. Too bad, 'cause I-- Too bad. I'm gonna-- Too bad, I-- I'm gonna get off. It's gonna make me horny. Well, whatever. The most troubling thing I learned from him, though, was that if anyone helped me pull my pants down, they could go to jail too. That person is as guilty as you are. So I can't have any helpers. Right. I didn't want to put anyone at risk besides myself. So if no human could do it, I was gonna have to use a robot. And the search took months, with everyone from u.S. Defense companies to nasa telling us the technology didn't exist to have a robot pull down someone's pants. But I didn't give up, and eventually, I found a company that said they could do it. So this is it. This is a kuka-robotics k.R. 15-2. After john showed me the robot, I explained to him specifically what I needed it to do. Then, once the pants are down, I want it to come up here, hook onto the boxers, and pull those down. John suggested making custom-designed pants with loops that would make it easier for the robot to remove them, so I hired a tailor to make the pants to john's specifications. And over the week they were being made, he informally became my practice partner. I borrowed a pair of his underwear so we could pull down my pants all the way without seeing my pen1s. 90. The pants being taken off was definitely distracting, but I was getting closer to my 90-second goal. Time, time, stop it. What do I got? Okay, 150. And after getting an hour or so of training in, the completed pants were packaged up and delivered to reel efx so the robot could begin being programmed. In the meantime, I wanted to find out the real consequences of going to prison as a s*x offender, so I met up with jimmy murphy, who's served over 11 years for a variety of violent crimes. I'll tell you this. In there, it's the last thing you want to be. It's the lowest. What would happen to me in there? Well, you know, you'd probably, uh, go-- Go to your cell, and you'd find a couple of snickers bars on your pillow. Oh, wow. And then-- So this doesn't sound that bad at all. No, you'd go in there, and you'd say, "oh, wow, what a gift." You know, and you'd eat the stuff. Well, someone's gonna come and say, "hey. What happened to my chocolate?" And you're gonna go, "oh, I, uh, I ate that." And then they're gonna go, "well, you need to pay for that." Yeah, how? I don't have any money. Well, then you might find your head bouncing off somebody's belt buckle. I don't want to do that. No, of course you don't. 'cause there's a lot of belt buckles in there. Really? Oh, yeah, you'll grow tired. They allow you to wear belts in prison? No, it's a-- So how would it work? They just give you the buckle? Well, no, I, uh-- So there's no belt buckle. Well, no, not really. I meant-- So my head wouldn't be bouncing around any belt buckles. So, in other words, you'd have a [bleep] In your mouth. I mean, it probably wouldn't bounce, too, because I would stop when I got to the balls before I got in. I don't know how you do it. Well, that's how I would. I'd never really been forced to picture how I'd give oral s*x to a man, but after visualizing it, I began to question if this entire stunt was actually worth it. My concerns were heightened when I returned to reel efx to find the robot acting unpredictably. [clang] To make matters worse, I found out that the robot whose precision would determine my fate ran on windows 95. It's as good-- You've gotta be kidding me. My parents threw out their computer that ran windows 95, like, seven years ago because minesweeper wasn't working properly. It's okay. 'cause what happens-- Honestly, like, my life, like-- This is moving within an-- Right. Millimeters of my body. I was mainly concerned because on the day of the escape, john would have to step away from the controls and let the program run automatically. But he assured me the software would work. So the robot was transported to elysian park, where a crew of over 50 people worked for two straight days to prepare for tonight's historic stunt. Male announcer: tonight, Nathan Fielder risks the ultimate shame, facing a heartless robot thats only mission is to expose his private parts. This might be the most dangerous stunt ever imagined. Announcer: Children watching... [child screams] L.A.P.D. Present... [siren wails] And all in the dark of night. You know, I've been put on earth for a reason, and I believe this is god's plan for me. Announcer: The world is watching. Will he inspire millions and honor his home country of Canada or end up behind bars and risk deportation? Never before attempted in the history of television... I mean, this is a comedy central show. I mean, this is-- it's crazy what we're doing. Announcer: Will he escape, or won't he? Nathan Fielder takes on... We're just moments away from the escape, and tonight, I cannot risk failure. But one thing I've learned over the years is that you can't be afraid of failing. In fact, on my show, when I help businesses, I fail all the time. And I'm normally shy to show those moments, but tonight, I'm going to make an exception. So let's take a look now at some of my greatest failures. One of my least popular ideas was for a completely germ-free hot dog stand. At outdoor food carts, it's easy for germs to transfer from money to your food, so to completely eliminate this, I designed a hands-free method to apply condiments to the wiener. Also, there would be a second employee whose only job is to handle the money. What are you doing with the wallet? We're doing a germ-free experience, so you don't handle your own money. Oh, really? But people were a bit annoyed with the money handling part. Can I have my wallet back? And the hands-free onion dispenser proved to be problematic as well. So you have to up-- one up, one down. When it hits the table, the onions will fall. And drop it. Keep dropping it. Up and down, drop it. Fast. Oops. Oh. Ugh. This is not gonna work. It's not gonna work. That's nothing to do with the contraption. If you drop a hot dog, you drop a hot dog. The public just wasn't ready for the germ-free hot dog experience, so I laid the concept to rest. Next, I had an idea for a tearless way to tell a child that their pet has died, to be an up-sell service for an animal hospital. The concept was to make a video of the pet while it's still alive, telling the child it's in animal heaven now. I hired the only voice actor that responded to my craigslist ad to be the dog. But when we showed it to the owner's child... [gentle harp music] [foreign accent] Oh, it's me, madi. I'm in heaven now. So sorry I died. I miss you so much. I'm happy here, so I'm not coming home. No, she doesn't. No. What--aw. It's okay. He hated his dog's voice. Another flubbed idea. And lastly, my favorite ideas don't just help with business. They're good for the community as well. So I approached a bar with an innovative way to stop drunks from getting behind the wheel. The concept was to have a street magician stationed outside the bar, performing a magic trick that allows him to secretly test the blood alcohol levels of patrons as they leave. And with my background in magic, I offered to test it out. For my final trick, I'm going to need your keys. My keys? Yes. Great. Give the wand a blow. Okay, a little bit harder, right into the top. Okay, and you are over the legal limit. Okay. Blood alcohol. So your keys are gone. Oh! And I cannot give them back to you. Okay. Sorry. But that's when I realized the flaw in my idea. If I held on to his keys and he took a cab, the guy couldn't get into his apartment. Could I get my keys, please? I can't, because you're drunk. Please give me my keys. And the only solution at that point was to drive him home. You live far. I know I do. Also, once I got him home, I realized I couldn't just give him his keys until he was asleep, or else he might go out and drive again. You need to see me sleeping? I need to see you fall asleep before I leave your keys, or else you might take them and go out again. You don't brush your teeth before bed? Usually not. I usually brush my teeth in the morning. Really? Yep. I know it's kind of gross, but nobody else is really paying attention to the way my breath smells. So I had to put him to bed and make sure he went to sleep... ♪ and if that looking glass gets broke ♪ ♪ mama's gonna get you a billy goat ♪ Before I left his keys. So, as you can see, even the greatest minds fail sometimes. Ohh! But failing tonight is not an option. Besides the risk to me, there are ten innocent children participating in tonight's event, and I don't take that lightly. So earlier today, I spoke with their parents to assure them they had nothing to worry about. Hey, guys. How's everyone doing? Great, thank you. Great. Good. So, before we begin, I just wanted to give you some assurance. Uh, we're gonna be blurring all your faces, so you don't have to worry about, you know, coworkers being like, "why did you let your kid do that for $100?" You know, or questions like that from, you know, the community or anything. You don't have to worry about that. Okay, great. Wish me luck. Okay. So I now have on the custom-made pants that the robot will be removing. Um, you know, we're gonna give these kids a bit of a bathroom break before I begin, but when we return, it will be the escape. [dramatic music] All right, so we're about ready to begin. Everyone has been cleared out of the escape area besides the necessary people. Officer billy smalling is here, obviously the children, and judge anthony filosa to do some final checks. I'm now going to hand over the reins to matt "money" smith, national sportscaster, who'll be calling the event. Matt, thanks for doing this. Well, thanks for having me, Nathan. And do you have any questions for me? Well, I think the obvious one is, why are you doing this? You know, for-- for the show and stuff. Yeah. Well, I-I just get the sense that perhaps-- I mean, you know this is controversial, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Good luck. All right. All right. Thanks, matt. And with that, the escape is just moments away, so let's learn a little more about Nathan Fielder. [upbeat folk music] Nathan was born in 1983, the only son of two canadian civil servants, eric and deborah. ♪ Which brings us to tonight. And we are minutes away from the big escape, and right now, it looks like Nathan is having some final words with the honorable judge filosa, so let's listen in. So does everything look good in terms of the setup for an indecent exposure conviction if I-- If I fail tonight to escape? Uh, apparently it does. Um-- Good. That's all I needed to know. Thank you. And, officer smalling... And now Nathan's stepping over to officer smalling, and he is going to go ahead and inspect those handcuffs and make sure they are up to standard. Double-locked... [clears throat] Smith & wesson police handcuffs, just like we were issued in the police academy. Okay, great, and here is the key. Well, everything seems to be in order, and now Nathan is stepping over to a laptop, where his mom and dad are standing by via skype. And they don't know what Nathan has planned tonight. Hi, guys. But he wanted to hear their voices before stepping to the stage. I don't know if you can hear me, but, uh, I'm about to do something very risky, um, so the next time I talk to you might be behind bulletproof glass. Oh, wow. Why? I can't really get into it right now. I don't have time. But I just want to say that I love you guys. And, you know, wish me luck, okay? Well, Nathan, what are you-- what are you-- What's going on? You guys? Can you hear me? Hello? Well, apparently a lack of an internet connection up here. Don't know whether or not they heard that message. But heartfelt, nonetheless. [tense music] And it's time now for Nathan to make his way to the stage. You know, you wonder what's going on in Nathan's mind right now and if any amount of preparation is enough... All right. For the pressure that he's facing here tonight. Nathan now making his way into position. You can see officer smalling locking him into that loop, and that is a solid steel frame. Put this around my wrist. Certainly an adorable group of kids brought in tonight. Certainly hope the night doesn't end with them seeing a man expose himself to them. Well, now that Nathan's locked in, the crew gonna do one last look-over, so we'll step away for a commercial, and when we return, the escape. [dramatic music] [dramatic music] All right, we're back, and this is it. The stage is set. Nathan has 90 seconds to free himself from those cuffs and hit that red button to his right. The button is a kill switch. It is the only thing that can stop the programmed motion of the robot from taking off Nathan's pants in front of these kids. And now he will deliver the line given to him by judge filosa. Something might happen here, and if it does, so what? And with that, he has established willful intent. So if he exposes himself tonight, in the eyes of the law, it will not be considered an accident. Ready! Go! And we are underway now. Hmm, struggling. Looked as though he-- He pulled a pick straight from his hair. Nathan working on those handcuffs. We are 80 seconds away from a lifetime of scorn for Nathan. [tense music] Now the robot going to that-- That fly. The fly is down. And while he's working on the handcuffs, the robot continues to work on the pants. ♪ Appears as though he's taunting. No, he's going for that loop. Now has the button undone. ♪ And the kids laughing along with the robot's antics. [robot whirring] Nathan struggling with that pick. He dropped the pick. ♪ It looks like it's caught on his clothing, and now he's trying to retrieve it, and he's got it. Got it with his-- what a close call, as he retrieves the pick with his tongue. Had that fallen to the ground, it would have been all over. Next is going to be those loops on the hip. This is getting tight here. The robot now has both pant legs down, is about to secure the loop on the underpants, and Nathan's still working on those cuffs. We are just 20 seconds away. Nathan working those handcuffs. And now it looks as though, with the pants down, the robot going for that underwear loop. We are now at ten seconds and counting. ♪ We have just a couple seconds left. Oh, no, we are seeing pubic hair. [buzzer] But he has escaped. Nathan Fielder has managed to escape and save himself from a lifetime of shame. There's the replay. The moment where he was able to pick the cuffs, hit the button just in time. And you can see the relief on his face. [triumphant music] Well, there you see it. He took on great risk, and now this, his reward. Congratulations from the judge and officer. Good job. Thank you. Um, so the robot pulled his pants down. But he won. [giggles] So-- It was really funny. I really wanted his pants to fall down 'cause it's hilarious. I would have been sort of offended if it--if his underwear fell down, but not that much. He pressed the button, and then it didn't fall down. I was like, "yes!" I was like, "hallelujah." ♪ Okay, before you guys-- before you guys leave, remember to always take big risks and believe in yourself and follow your dreams, just like I did. I dre--well, yeah, I did. It was-- it was a dream of-- [all laughing, chattering at once] You kind of talked over my speech. Okay. Fine. Let's go. Let's go.
My name is Nathan Fielder and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now, I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. [triumphant music] ♪ This is Nathan for you. Of all the ways to make money with dead bodies, perhaps the most popular is running a funeral home, and with people dying daily from everything from heart attacks to collapsing during a stock photo shoot, the funeral business has never been more profitable. Just ask candy boyd. She's been running boyd funeral home in linwood, california, for over 15 years, and today, I paid her a visit with an idea to make her business even better. Unbeknownst to candy, I went by the night before in my usual disguise to scope things out, but my beard was coming loose, so I was too afraid to go inside, so I ended up just checking out their website to learn more about the business. So basically, your business is death. Correct. Correct. And that must be bittersweet for you. I must say, it is. Bitter because people die... Right. And sweet... Right. Because you're making money. Exactly, exactly. So it's hard, because you maybe get excited when someone dies. Right, exactly. Because you're like, "I'm gonna profit from this..." Right, exactly, exactly. But it's sad because, "oh..." Exactly, exactly. They're, like, losing. Exactly. So it's a balance. It's a balance. Money was clearly important to mrs. Boyd, and I saw she was missing out on some profitable services to offer her customers. The plan--I wanted her to give people the option of buying more friends. Buying more friends? Basically, when you die, you want to have a lot of people come to your funeral, because it shows that you're well-liked. Correct. So I think you should give people the option of paying for actors to be family or friends at a funeral. Oh, I see, I see. Like, to fill the room. Do you understand? Yeah. And it could be a very profitable add-on service to offer to people. Well, I mean, it is pretty interesting. I don't know-- I'd love to demonstrate for you what it might look like. Oh, sure. That'd be great. And maybe that would help sell it to you. I'm not saying "no." let's just see what happens, and, you know-- To demonstrate my idea, I needed to assemble a dream team of actors who know how to conduct themselves at a funeral, so I met with some professional actors to pick out the best. This widow just lost her husband. Okay. So make her feel better. I'm sorry about your husband. I'm sorry about your loss. And maybe you'd hug her and kiss her. Please call me if you need anything. So you can do a lot of dialects, you wrote. Yes, I pick up people's languages without even trying. I don't mean to, I--[sniffs] It says "canadian" you can do? Canadian, um... Canadian is a lot like british. I'm canadian. Are you canadian? Yeah. Well, you sound normal. A child is running up and down the aisles during the service. How do you handle this? You are a little [bleep]! Just go back to your seat, or I'm gonna tell your [bleep] Parents! I am sean connery. I want a massage. I live up in the desert. Now that I had selected my actors, I wanted to demonstrate for candy what a funeral service with fake family and friends might look like, so spent the night writing a script for the funeral of a fake dead guy and sent it to all the actors. The next day, we arrived at the funeral home rehearsed and in wardrobe, and with the actors in place, it was time to bring in mrs. Boyd. The woman in the black hat is the widow. Mm-hmm, the widow. And she hired seven actors to make it look like that man who just died, who's getting in the casket, was more loved than he was. Okay. Okay, and I think we're ready to begin. We are gathered here today to remember sid howard doubletree, and if the attendance today is any indication, sid was a very loved man. Would anyone like to say a few words? Sid was such a good guy. He once gave me $1,000 for no reason. I'm so sad. I am so sad. I am so sad. I am so...Sad. [sobbing] I can't hold it in anymore. [sobbing] Me and sid were lovers. We've been having an affair for the last seven years. [sobs] I knew it! Every night he said he was going to 7-eleven, he was with you! I'm sorry. We cannot be mad. Sid was cursed... Cursed with the gift of having too much love to give. Now, please join me in singing death happens, an original funeral song by Nathan Fielder, as you come up to view the body. ♪ he's so sad ♪ All: ♪ death is so sad ♪ ♪ death is so sad but it happens ♪ John, your eyes are open. You need to keep your eyes closed. Are you--you're moving your legs too. You're supposed to be dead. Do you-- I didn't realize I was moving it. I thought I was absolutely still, so-- Okay, you're talking now. You can't even do any of that. Okay, just--I need you to be-- I'm just gonna close this, because I think it'd just be better for the rest of us. ♪ death is so sad ♪ ♪ death is sad ♪ All: ♪ but it ha-appens ♪ ♪ things get better for frie-iends ♪ So how soon do you think you'll be implementing it? You know what? I need a little more time to think about it. But like I said, more "yes" than "no." I don't know if you did, and you don't have to, but sometimes, when I do these things, people will have a "thank you" gift for me. I don't know if you-- Okay, no, I guess not. Okay, well, in these situations, we just have something prepared. Mm-hmm. So maybe I could give it to you and you could hand it to me so it's like you're giving it to me on camera. Okay. Okay. Okay, so I'll just-- I'll just grab it. [laughs] Okay. Okay. So I'll--I'll come in again. Okay. Oh, hi, mrs. Boyd. Hi. Hi, how are you? Hi, great. Good, good. Good to see you. Um, what is this? This is a-- A small token of my appreciation for the service that you brought to my attention. Oh, my god. Thank you. You really didn't have to do this. Yes, we did. Scissors? Mm-hmm. [laughs quietly] Why did you get me scissors? Everybody needs a pair of scissors, I guess. [laughs] Are these used or are they new? No, they're new. Oh, okay. Great, it was-- thank you for the scissors, and I hope you use the idea. Thank you. Okay. Bye. Bye-bye. People will do anything to get the best, so why is the place that claims to have the best burger in los angeles completely empty? Gustavo munoz owns l.A. Burger in los angeles, california, and he has the best burger in town. I have the best burgers in l.A. So I paid him a visit with a way to get everyone to try his burger. My plan was a guarantee: try the burger, and if you don't think it's the best in l.A., gustavo will give you $100 cash of his own money. I don't know. It is the best, right? It's the best. Okay, great. So then what's the problem? Well, I'm worried about the-- Unless your burger isn't the best. Uh, well, um-- Wait, is your burger the best? Of course, it's the best. 'cause no burger place has ever made a claim like this, but you can, 'cause you're the best. Well, it sounds good. Yeah it sounds good. Gustavo agreed to put up his own cash for the promotion, and it was such an amazing offer, that I was easily able to land us on l.A.'s most listened-to morning radio show. [radio announcer] 95.5 klos. Come over, try our--our burgers. If you don't like it, it's gonna be $100 bill. Wow, that's impressive. That's-- That's a lot of balls, gustavo... Yeah. 100 bucks, 'cause I mean, aren't you--I mean, when's this promotion happening? It's gonna happen today at-- Today? Yeah. I can't wait to hear how it turns out. Okay. All faith, all right. And I trust him, because I haven't actually tried the burger. I don't eat red meat right now. What? What? So I mean, when he says it's the best, I--you know, I believe that it's the best. Okay. Can I ask, how many people are listening right now? Both: Millions. Millions? Yeah. Millions of people are listening to this right now, gustavo. That's crazy. Yeah, that is. Let's go to freddy on line two. Hello, freddy. What do you think of this promotional idea that l.A. Burger's throwing on. I think it's a terrible idea. Let me tell you my background, first of all-- Well, I--who cares about your background, freddy? [laughter] All right, next caller, please. Steve on line two. Hello, steve. What do you think of this idea? Well, I admire, you know, him standing by his product, but I think that somebody can be dishonest and lie about the burger. They can just say, "you know, I've had other burgers I think are better." I could see that gustavo was getting nervous during the radio show, so after, I had a talk with him. So I saw you were a little bit nervous in there. Um, a little. [chuckles] Well, I don't want this to be a stressful experience for you, so I'll tell you what, even though it's unlikely I think people will claim the $100, I'll personally put up my own money if they do, but it's only because I trust you when you say it's the best. It is the best, right? It is the best, yes. So we won't be paying a lot. We're not gonna pay that much money...At all. Okay, so no risk on you, it's all on me. Both: [laugh] Now I'm a bit nervous. [both chuckle] The radio show appearance seemed to work, because when we got back to l.A. Burger, there was a line around the block. Huh? What do you think? It's pretty good. Yeah, it's very good, yeah. All right, let's go cook some burgers. Okay. And with gustavo on the grill, I got the crowd pumped for the best burger experience they've ever had. All right, everyone. Welcome to L.A. Burger. The promotion is about to begin. [cheers and applause] And after a couple people bought burgers, it seemed like gustavo was right. Uh, I listened to klos this morning to heidi and frank, but it's a good burger, yeah. It's excellent. I like it. Came in here and had one, best burger in l.A. Thank you very much. I was happy to see some people were being honest about liking the burger, but I suspected others were lying just to get the money. I mean, I'm not a fan of mustard and ketchup. I think they should leave that to mcdonald's, you know? It's leaving that aftertaste in my mouth. I'll be honest with you. I'm gonna go home, and I'm gonna brush my teeth to try to get it out, because it's not good at all. Well, the best way to tell if someone doesn't like something is by looking at their face when they take a bite. There's nothing wrong with that hamburger, man. That is good. Wow, do you want $100 or an academy award? $100. I thought some people might be dishonest, so I brought holy books from every major religion to be sure people were telling the truth. I do not think this is the best burger in l.A. I did not like the burger, I solemnly swear. No, I don't like the burger. Okay. Whoo, anybody got some toothpaste, or something? Shoot. But still, it didn't seem to help, and by late in the afternoon, I was paying out tons and tons and tons of my own money. I just couldn't tell who was lying, and when I tried to question people, they got unruly. Dude, I'll call a lawyer right now if you're saying I'm [bleep] Lying. Yeah, but why are you so mad? 'cause you're saying I'm lying. It's not the greatest damn burger in the world, or in l.A. The only way to calm the mob was to pay them out. I'm a frugal guy, so this was really hard for me. This is my second burger. It's good, like-- Your second burger? Whoa ho ho ho! The second? What are you talking about? Wait, time out. Second burger? Second burger. It's good. And by the end of the afternoon, I was doing whatever I could to hold onto my money. The burgers, well, did not really satisfy my tastes, and I hadn't even had breakfast. It's getting to the point where if we give you the $100, we might have to start cutting staff, and raquel would be the first to go. Who's raquel? She works in the kitchen. Oh, no. So yeah, here's your $100 each. Here you go. It was really bad. Yeah. Oh, hey, raquel. Were you just walking out here? Yeah. Hi. How are you? Good, how are you? Uh, raquel, the promotion is costing us more than we thought it would, so we're gonna have to let you go. It's not fair. It's fine. Have your money. Here. No, it's okay. Really, she's waiting around. I mean-- I mean, no the truth is-- the truth is, I mean, if it's gonna get like this, it's not really worth it. Do you want me to take it back? You tell me what you want to do. Yeah, what are you gonna do with it? We're gonna keep you around. [laughs] Thanks. Thanks. Thank--thank them. That was nice of you guys. Yeah. Thanks so much. You guys are generous. No problem. By the end of the day, the customers left happy, and gustavo sold a lot of burgers. It seemed like everyone came out a winner, except for me. How was it today? Good. It was good. That was brutal for me. Really? I lost $6,000. $6,000? Yeah, of my own money, from paying people. [sighs] It may have been a lot of money, but then again, it was a small price to pay to see gustavo smile. Coming up, though, I risk losing something even more precious than money-- my life. Sometimes, if we're helping a business, it's important to experience what it's like to be a customer, and once in a while, that customer experience is pretty rad. Scott smith runs skydive perris in perris, california, and though he loves to fall, one thing he doesn't want to fall is his profits. It'd be nicer to have a little bit more consistency in terms of the business level throughout the year. Skydiving is so sweet, and I was stoked to pay him a visit to help his business out. Hey. Hi. You must be Nathan. Yeah. Scott smith. Nice to meet you. Good to meet you, man. Skydiving, I mean... Mm-hmm. That's a cool business. Like, really, that's sweet, so tell me about that. Well, skydiving, it's our business here, but it's also our passion. I mean, I'd love to do, like, a jump, to get a better sense of the customer experience, but mostly just to, you know, like, rock and roll and stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, just, like, get out there. Excellent. Well, we got some paperwork you gotta fill out first. All right, sweet, man. Let's do it, man. I was pumped for my first skydive, and this would really give me a good sense of the customer experience at skydive perris, but mostly, I just wanted to get on out there and eat some wind. So how high are we going, like 500 feet? Uh, no, we're going to 12,500 feet. [clears throat] It's a little bit higher than that. Let me--let me-- tell you what, let me get this adjusted for you here. Oh, cool. It was time for some balls-to-the-wall risk-taking fun, and even though this jump would be a cinch for me, I was still super stoked. Whoo! [dramatic music] ♪ But I'm supposed-- I think-- I totally forgot I had lunch plans with my friend, which was terrible scheduling on my part. Regardless, I couldn't do the jump, or I'd keep my friend waiting. Sorry, I-I should have thought of it before and everything, I'm just supposed to meet, uh, my friend. Okay. It's okay. It's embarrassing, 'cause it seems like an excuse, or like I'm--you know, an excuse for chickening out, but I didn't. Okay. Okay. What? Why are you laughing? Yeah, okay--[clears throat] I would--I'm not laughing. I'm really meeting a friend for lunch. Okay, that's fine. I don't know if you're-- You don't believe me, though. I... It doesn't matter, does it? No, you're meeting-- Well, come, come. I'll--like, I'll-- Okay. You can meet him. Okay. I really wanted to jump. It sucks. Oh, we'll just go back and do it another time. Yeah, definitely. [warning beeps dinging] Wearing a seat belt? Yeah. When we arrived at the restaurant where I was supposed to meet my friend, it seemed like he was running late. This is so annoying. But then I spotted him... There he is. Late as usual. Hey! How's it going? Hey, good to see you. How's it going? How's it going? [laughs] Hey, can you help me out? Uh-- I need you to pretend to be my friend. I can pay you. Would you like $40? Okay. Is that okay? Sure. I forgot that I owed my friend $40, so the first thing I did was pay him back. So what was your name again? Nathan. It's very important you convince him you're my friend. All right. Okay? All right, come on. How are you? Good to see you. What's up, bud? I haven't seen you for awhile. All right. Don't act too-- you're overacting. This is scott. I mean, the main reason I wanted you guys to chat is because you're both pretty into skydiving, so-- Yeah. Okay. Do you ever see him around, or-- What's that? Um... Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, okay. But you did it a bunch in germany, right? Isn't that where you did it most? Mm-hmm. Well, scott met my friend, so now he knew that what I was saying in the plane wasn't an excuse for chickening out, so we headed in the diner where I got to catch up with my old pal. Tell scott the story of when you came out of the closet. It's a funny story-- to your parents. I mean, it was awkward, but-- Um, when I came out of the closet, um-- After we were done with lunch, scott asked me if I wanted to go back and do the jump, now that I was free. My answer--hell, yeah. So we drove back to skydive perris, suited up again, and headed on that plane. ♪ looking out for more I was super stoked. ♪ Finally, I'd be able to eat some sky. ♪ I start a holy war ♪ Once I got to the edge, there was no hesitation. "three, two, one," and I was gone. Wait. Wait. ♪ how long I gotta wait for-- wait for you? ♪ It felt so good to finally jump. Man, what a thrill. Being up there with the birds-- so pure. In the end, I realized that skydive perris didn't need my advice, because their business is all about giving people a real experience, and it doesn't get much realer than this. ♪ Ab-so-lutely.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. [dramatic music] ♪ This is Nathan for you. There's nothing people like more than being scared. Well, yeah, I like my-- Woah! Oh, my god. That's why, when october swings around, haunted houses are big business. Bruce stanton is the owner of reign of terror, an annual haunted house in thousand oaks, california. We have a perfect environment to set you up to be scared. But after taking a walk-through of the supposedly scary mansion, I came out less than impressed. Hi. So I talked to bruce one on one about an idea I had to help his business. What is the best press a haunted house can get? That it's so scary, someone peed their pants. No. Pee is one thing. I want your haunted house to be so scary that someone sues you for being too scary. I don't know that we want people to sue us. If the reign of terror was sued for being too scary, that news would attract thrill-seekers from around the world. The plan, get customers to sue by making them think that they're really going to die. No, because I think that will be going too far. Well, your current approach could get press too. Yes. By being the world's least scary haunted house. Uh, I don't think that's the approach we want, but-- Well, that's the approach it seems like you're currently taking. No, we are a scary-- "reign of terror. Where pussies go to relax." Oh, okay. Or, "reign of terror, you're probably going to die." You mean in the haunted house, we paint a picture that their death is... Imminent. Yes. Okay. To scare people enough that they would sue, I explained to bruce that we needed to convince customers they somehow contracted a disease they're likely to die from. Bruce reluctantly agreed to let me try it out for a day. And after a week of preparation, my actors were ready. It was time for people to enter the world's scariest haunted house. Well, thanks for coming to the reign of terror. Oh, we're excited, man. You're excited? Yeah, man. I have to warn you before you go in. Oh, dang. This haunted house is extremely scary. I like the sound of that. Are you sure? Yeah. All right, welcome to the reign of terror. You first. [air hissing] [shrieks] Ooh... Mommy. Hells.... You're my mommy. [screams] [both laugh] [chainsaw buzzing] [screams] [growls] Aah! [roars] [evil laugh] [laughs] Sorry, one sec. What? Who? Who? Her? Yeah. Sorry, can you come with me for a sec? Sorry, guys. Were you guys scared in there? Yeah. So sorry, did she touch you by any chance? Or was there a-- Um, I think she probably touched my neck. Mommy! [screams] [slow-motion laughter] Like, I usually wear my glasses and this time I didn't, and I overshot the grab and I was supposed to not touch you. Wait, sorry, just-- Sorry. Can you guys wait in here one sec? Yeah. Sorry, one second. What is it called? It's called klein's disease. And it's an immunity-- Klein disease? Klein's disease. So what's the problem? She has an auto-immune thing. She worried when she touched you, she transmitted something to you. Mm-hm. So don't get freaked out or anything, but I called an ambulance. Paramedics are just coming to make sure. They'll look at you, it's just precautionary. So just hold tight. Thank you so much. No problem. I hope you had a good time in the haunted house. Sorry about this. It's all good. Hey, guys. Hey. Uh, just in here. Do you have any cuts or anything like that? I don't think so. I don't look back there a lot. [laughter] Okay, do you mind if I just-- We should definitely get her checked out, if that's-- Yeah. "checked out" in what way? Like, at a hospital with a doctor for sure, for klein's. [sirens wailing] To my knowledge, it's a disease that's pretty serious. Basically, if you've got a cut, and you're touched, and you have any sort of open wound or anything that, you know, touched an orifice-- your eye, your mouth, or anything that's open or anything like that. Jeez. Yeah. It can be contracted, so-- Is this, like, aids? Is it, like--worse? Well, it is an immune deficiency disease. [sighs] Yeah? Okay. What's that mean? How are we doing? At this time it's a precautionary measure. That's all it is. It's a first stage, we're gonna have you checked out right here, okay? Are you a doctor? Yeah. Are you a doctor? I am a doctor, yes. I need her to come outside with me, and we're gonna move on to another stage where there's more doctors. Why are you wearing this suit? Is it serious? It's for my--yes, sir, it is serious, please. No! What is going on? We all have this! If he's wearing this, we all have it. I understand that. What is this thing? Sir-- It's for my safety. Why don't we have what he has? No! Why does he have a biohazard suit? No, wait. Hold on, hold on. No, no, no. Hold on, hold on. She's not going nowhere 'till you explain, man, what's going on, man. Yeah! What's going on? She's not going nowhere. Look, she's touching me. We're gonna walk right outside. Let's walk right outside. Okay. I just want an explanation, that's all I'm asking for. All right. Nice. [both laughs] Hope you guys enjoyed the haunted house. [laughs] You guys enjoy it in there? That was different. Wow. That was different? I was not expecting that. This right here is a lawyer. Hello. Peter-- Peter. Peter marx. Mo. Mo. And you are? I'm mira. Mira. So if you found the haunted house too scary, and you want to press any legal action against the haunted house, he can talk to you-- We can talk and see-- under the law, you have claims for what we call "intentional infliction of emotional distress." Or even "negligent infliction of emotional distress." I don't want to create problems that don't exist, but if you have those concerns, feel free to call me. But you don't have to, it's only if you're comfortable about it. After running several more customers through my version of the haunted house-- Hey, mom, it's jordan. Um, actually I have to go to the hospital. There was somebody with a disease. Now, I'm not trying to create a lawsuit here, I just--you have certain rights under california law. I paid bruce a visit to follow up. What did you think? Well, I think it's completely impractical for a haunted house. But people were scared. Yeah, I don't know, I couldn't tell. We had a lawyer there at the exit that thinks, you know, some people might have a case. Peter? Do you wanna come in? Hello. Hi, this is bruce. Peter. He runs the haunted house. Nice to meet you. So some of these people have a case, right? Well, some of them were a little apprehensive and I'm not trying to get you in a lot of trouble-- But you want to sue. I want to sue for legitimate claims, absolutely. And this is a legitimate claim? Well, it could be. And, uh, we'll see. All right. All right, thanks so much. All right. Well, I'm glad I-- you know, could have helped and done this for you. Took a good haunted house and... Not made it any better. Okay. Well, I'm trying to get you press. Okay. In the end, the scariest thing about the haunted house was bruce's terrible manners. But when someone's rude to you, you can't take it personally. You just have to keep going. When you look at me, you probably see a guy who has it all. But really, there's a large part of me that's immature and under-developed. Especially when it comes to women. Every girl I liked growing up rejected me. And because of that, I've grown into a man who's chronically nervous around women. I'm an emotional midget. Now, if someone came to me with this problem, I'd suggest immersion therapy, where you overwhelm yourself with your fear in order to overcome it. So tonight, to inspire you, I'm going to attempt to overcome my fear of the opposite s*x by dating not one, but ten women at the same time. Wish me luck. I needed to get ten women to agree to date me, so I thought it would be easy to start with someone I work with. So... You know how I'm doing the thing on the show where I'm dating, like, ten women at the same time? Yeah. Are you in a relationship right now? Yes. Okay. Um... So--sorry, never mind. I was stupid to ask. It didn't work, and I knew from experience that women just wouldn't stop and talk to me without an excuse. So I found one. Excuse me, would you like to try our new blueberry-raspberry smoothie? Come on, just one? Would you like to try one of our new raspberry-blueberry smoothies? Uh, I'm just kidding, actually. I don't work here. My name's Nathan. I'm just doing this as a way to break the ice and show my personality. Oh. I'm just trying to meet people and-- No. I'm just drinking my own smoothie that I bought from here. But I like drinking my smoothie out of little cups on a tray. That's how I like to drink my smoothie. Okay, well I think I'm allowed to drink my smoothie wherever I want. You need to move this. Hey! You need to move this. You cannot touch my tray, that is crazy. The smoothie thing was too gimmicky anyways, and it felt the same way when I used a cute dog. Do you like my dog? Yeah. Say hi. Hi. But just when I was ready to quit, it hit me. I had a major girl magnet at my disposal that I was totally ignoring. A television crew. It was a crazy idea, but maybe women would date me just for the opportunity to be on tv. I had my solution. I was going to create a fake reality show in which ten women would vie for the heart of one man. Me. It would be called the hunk. It took weeks to prepare as we sorted through the countless submissions from women to my online ad. Oh, I like her. But pretty soon we selected the ten women I would need, hired a host, and rented a mansion. No one knew my show was fake, not even the host. And it was about to begin. I'm anthony napoli. Tonight, ten women will gather in this house to vie for the heart of one man. Will they find love? Will they find their soul mate? I'm anthony napoli. This is the hunk. [romantic music] ♪ Hi. You ready, Nathan? Uh, yeah. Yeah, I think so. A little bit nervous? Um, kinda, yeah. Well, it's time to meet the women. Where--what are you gonna do? I'm gonna stand here, and I'm gonna introduce you to all the women. Could you maybe, um, be inside for that? I'll have-- Just because you're very handsome compared to me. I understand that, Nathan-- Could you be inside? I'll have to be here. If you're next to me, they're gonna love you more than-- Nathan, you're the hunk, I'm the host. Women must love you, right? Eh... Yes? I guess they do. How many women have you slept with? Eh... Not that many. Have you ever had a threesome? I have, yes. Okay, so--yeah, go inside, please. Would you--you would like me to step inside? Yeah. You can't be out here at all. No, that's all right. Okay, can you go inside? Sure. Okay. Thank you. I realized too late that hiring a handsome host was a bad idea. But even with tony in the house, when the women arrived, I got super-nervous. Hi, I'm emily. Nice to meet you. Oh, Nathan. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Yeah. So exciting. Yeah. It is, huh? [laughs] Yeah. Yeah. [sighs] This is fun. Yeah. [laughs] Yeah. Totally, um... Um... It was so nice to meet you. Yeah, okay. Thanks. Um, do you want to go-- we could talk more after. Yeah, sure. Yeah, just-- All right, cool. For the first bit, just saying hi. Yeah. Even though I was nervous at first-- I love a man in a good suit. Oh, okay. Mm-hm. That's nice. As I met more and more of the women, I found my confidence growing. We have snacks inside and stuff, too. We eat pretty good. Awesome. This was all so cool, 'cause it was just like the bachelor. I really like guys who have black hair and white skin. It's, like, my-- You don't like, uh-- Blonds? Like black guys, or-- [laughs] Um, I just-- Well, we'll talk more inside. Okay. I had never had this much attention in my life, and the only thing I had to do to attract them was to create a fake show. The logic didn't really make sense to me, but it was working, and I was gonna take advantage of this to try to get over my nervousness around women. [acoustic guitar] ♪ Ladies... I'm your host, anthony napoli. Now is your chance to mingle and get to know your hunk, Nathan. [murmuring] Are you gonna go up there? Where you gonna be? You want me to leave again? Yeah. Maybe go into the room? You're kidding me, right? No. You want me to leave the room again? Yeah. Up here? Sure. All right. [door closes] All right. [all giggling] Let's get this party started, huh? [pop] [all scream] Yes! Oh! Ohh. All: Ohh... [indistinct chatter] What did you guys think of the host? He was saying he had a threesome--he was saying. What? Yeah. Really? Yeah, with two guys. With two guys? Yeah. I'm, like, "okay, thanks for telling me that. I don't really want to know." [chuckles] Yeah. I mean-- So weird. I was having fun dating all the women. But I began to find it hard to tell if they really liked me or had other motivations for being here. Well, I'm working on my album right now. My christian music album. Okay. Yeah. Can I hear a song or... ♪ people make it seem ♪ ♪ that everyone is cool ♪ ♪ with being alone my album is coming out this year, so... My name is l.A. My album is gonna be called l.A.X. And it's gonna be coming out this year. My twitter is @la-- And I was soon reminded that most of these girls were just here to be on tv. So I tried my best to find out how these women truly felt about me. Do you like me? Yeah. Um, do you love me? [laughing] Oh, god! I can't--that's such-- How can I tell the first-- Uh, love, I need to learn the person first of course. Yeah. I mean, I'd hate to eliminate you so soon. So maybe I should ask again. Oh, do I love you? Yeah. I love you. But you do? I do. I like him. He's a really nice person. But, yeah, I love him, so... But as the night went on, I realized it didn't matter why they were here. We were both getting what we wanted. I got to work through my nervousness around women-- Sorry, I'm kind of shaking. Don't be nervous. [laughs] Don't be nervous, that's so cute. [laughs] And they got to be on tv. I would love to have everyone introduced to kangen water. This water is one of the best waters out there. It has a ph of 9.5. I'd never been that good of a flirt, but I had the opportunity to practice with so many beautiful girls. You have beautiful eyes and beautiful lips, and lovely hair, and your style is... Wonderful. Oh...Thanks, nate. [awkward laugh] So tell me your deepest, darkest secret. My deepest, darkest secret is... I don't like wearing socks. That's great. But as the night progressed... Oh, cool. Magic. My flirting skills drastically improved. Do you ride motorcycles? I mean-- I don't ride a motorcycle, but I am a bit of a bad boy. But what happened next I would have never expected. I like motorcycles, actually. Do you ride motorcycles? I don't ride a motorcycle, but I am a bit of a bad boy. Oh, okay. That might be just-- I mean, we've only been talking for a few minutes. We might be moving just a little bit fast for me. I just prefer to take things a little slower. Mm, no. It's still too soon. We need to take things slow. We just met. It's okay. In that moment, everything changed. I wasn't ready to move as quick as she was, but I finally knew what it was like to have a woman come to me. I realized I didn't have to do crazy stunts to get women to like me, I just had to be myself... Inside a $5,000-per-night mansion with a tv crew filming me. But for a guy like me, who's gone through an entire lifetime of rejection, knowing that I was desirable was all I needed to no longer be nervous around women. I had accomplished my goal. So I gathered all the women to tell them that the show was over. I have accomplished my goal, and that means unfortunately there's no longer a reason for this show, the hunk, to continue. [whispering] Are you serious? [scoffs] Question. So you really-- you really-- Um, did you get your-- You got-- you got what you wanted from dating all the girls? You got your fear met? Um, I think-- I think it helped me overcome it, yes. Why? I'm just wondering. But others were happy for me. Thank you. Yeah. I had accomplished what I set out to do, but there was still one thing I had to make right. Earlier, tony shared a personal story with me. Have you ever had a threesome? I have, yes. And I accidentally told it to some of the women. He was saying he had a threesome with two guys. With two guys? Yeah. And now I wanted to apologize. I'm realizing now, perhaps it was wrong to bring up tony's personal experience he had in the comfort of his own home with two men. [overlapping chatter] I already heard the story. Yeah. Yeah, the threesome. Him with two guys? Yeah. Oh, but not with two guys. Well, was it one guy, one girl? Or was it two girls? Nah. Why is that important? Exactly. That's not important. And even if he did, it's his own business. Yeah, we don't care. Yeah, we don't care. Yeah. It's all good. So I apologize for that, and I don't want to have any hard feelings-- No hard feelings. Between us. Yeah, all right. All right. Your fears are all gone? He's a great guy. He really is. From what you know of. Oh, you're not? No, I'm a great guy. Why'd you say, "from what you know of"? Well, from what you know of me. Yeah, but I just called you a great guy. Why are you arguing against that? Are you a good guy? As the women were leaving, I felt confident in myself, knowing that if I ever wanted to find love-- Thank you. I could just create a fake reality show all over again. [blows] [airplane buzzing]
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. [dramatic music] ♪ This is Nathan for you. Running a gas station is not easy, and no one knows that more than daniel ashikian of sevan gas in burbank, california. It's tough business. I cannot compete with the big companies. With these days it being more economical to fill up your car with champagne, it can be hard to draw in customers. So I paid daniel a visit with an innovative way to lower his prices. So I want you to charge $1.75 per gallon. You know what is utopia? Yeah. It's in your mind. You're not gonna see $1.75 gasoline anymore. Only in the pictures. Well, listen-- No, no, no. You get reasonable-- No, I am being-- I am reasonable. You didn't let me finish. Okay. After rebate. Oh. The plan: $1.75 gas after rebate. A rebate will legally allow daniel to advertise the cheapest gas in the country. And because it's such a great deal, it would only be fair to make claiming this rebate a bit more inconvenient than normal, by asking customers to drop it off in person at the top of a mountain. At the top of the mountain. Yeah, that's good tricky way to make money. About an hour and a half drive from sevan gas in the middle of the angeles national forest, the peak of mount chileo is only accessible by foot. I explained to daniel that as long as he was up front with his customers, putting the rebate box atop chileo was completely 100% legal. If some of them is gonna claim it, it's gonna cost me money, right? Do you think people are gonna hike up a mountain to get this rebate? Uh... After a week to get everything prepared, we implemented the offer. Within minutes of the sign going up, it proved to be an instant hit, with a line of cars down the block. Is it really $1.75? After rebate. What type of rebate? It's not mail-in rebate. You have to take it personally. Where's it at? Mountain chile. Where? Mountain chile. Nathan, it's mountain chile, right? What's so special about this place we have to go and get the rebate? That's just where the drop box is. You can't just mail it in, like just-- It's not a mail-in rebate, no. Uh, I'll get the gas, but, no, I don't want the rebate. Okay, it's up to you. You don't want to do it, it's fine. It's up to you. Well, we're providing a free shuttle to the base if you want, and then it's an hour and a half hike from there. Are you kidding me? It's totally official. Everything is explained there. Like I expected, people were filling up and no one wanted to claim the rebate. But then, the tide shifted. Hey, I'm back. I changed my clothes, and I'm ready. Are you serious? I'm serious. That sounds good. Yeah, I've never been there. You're gonna do it? Yeah. Is that cool? Yeah, yeah, that's great. I've hiked. I like hiking. Really? Yeah. I've never been up there before. I hear the view is beautiful. It was clearly working to bring in customers, but to my surprise the shuttle was actually filling up. I saw that this was worrying daniel, and I took him aside for a chat. To be honest, I didn't expect so many people to want to do the hike. However, be assured that once they get up there, it's only just beginning. Okay. It was going to take an hour and a half to drive to the base of the mountain, so we'll check back with this in a bit. But first, do you find this drawing funny? If you answered yes, you're probably caricature artist greg dohlen. He was the one that drew it. And after two decades of doing caricatures, he has yet to make a name for himself. It's always a struggle. And I've kind of-- I've been doing this since '89. But sometimes the solution is as simple as keeping up with the trends. You drew me here. Yeah. It's enjoyable to see yourself portrayed as a cartoon. Yeah. But I don't think it makes me laugh. Caricatures are insult comedy. Well, yeah. In the category of insult comedy, just to show you what's currently popular right now, here, just watch. I like you, jason alexander. I find you sexy. Kiss me, you fat [bleep]. I've always wanted to see what jerry seinfeld's [bleep] Tastes like. I showed him a clip of the wildly popular comedy central roasts, which proved that to be a hit in insult comedy, the meaner you are, the better. The plan: to re-brand greg as "the king of sting." Um, I've got--I've gotten more negative reactions from going extreme than positive reactions. No one liked elvis when he first came out, you know what I mean? People were offended. Right. But you have to power through that if you wanna become big. At first, greg seemed resistant to the concept. But as we started brainstorming ideas... Yeah, it might be funny if he's chinese, and I make him a photographer with the big buck teeth. Oh, yeah, yeah. Little squinty eyes and big buck teeth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He quickly began to embrace it. I left him with a few edgy concepts of my own to work on, and he started sketching them out. The next day, I returned to see the results. All right, so this is the idea I had for a couple, and you have to draw a couple. So that's you, the artist, uh, doing the woman of the couple from behind, doggy style, she's saying, "I like this." Her boyfriend is looking at a hummingbird's pen1s and thinking, "that's huge." Yeah, this is good. It's really funny. This is, um, your version of an asian businessman. Um, do you think this one, uh...Hmm... See, I'm not-- I'm not sure, uh, when you presented an asian picture which direction I should go with it. I went all directions really. We could try it out, see how it goes. Sure, yeah. I mean, I'm not gonna get-- You know, in art, you know, you don't want to get in people's way or anything, so I'm not gonna-- but, yeah. I mean, this is definitely-- I mean, the pearl harbor thing is almost not even a joke. The rest of greg's new edgy caricatures looked great, and I could tell that he was ready to try them out in the real world. Do you have any hobbies? I like to bike and surf a lot. I like swimming, deejaying, playing the trombone. Things were off to an okay start, but I got kind of worried when an asian man sat down. I draw caricatures that are a little mean and edgy. Are you okay with that? Definitely. Yeah, okay, good. How's that? You like it? Yeah. Oh, good. But I was wrong. The guy loved it. You like it? Yeah, yeah, I like it. And from then on, it was smooth sailing. Oh, nice, man. Will that work? That'll work, dude. [both laugh] Greg was hitting nothing but home runs, and it was amazing to watch him work. Oh, nice. [laughter] So how do you feel it all went today? People laughed. I saw people laughing. People laughed. Like, the deep side of people's humor comes out when you show them shock. You know, at the beginning of all this, I had you draw me, it wasn't funny. So now with everything that I've taught you, I'm saying go as hard as you want on me, as mean as you want. You want the king of sting? I want the king of sting. Okay. 'cause I wanna laugh. Okay. All right, this is funny, but it's hard for me to see my grandpa depicted in that way. He's a canadian war hero, and he's, like, a very-- He has, like, a very important role in our family, so I don't like seeing him depicted like this. It just-- It was a real shame that greg chose to end the day on such a tasteless note. But regardless of my feelings, he truly was the king of sting. My gas station rebate was underway. But as we shuttled to the base of chileo, I began to doubt that any of these eight determined cheapskates would drop out before reaching the peak of the mountain. You might think I'd be nervous that sevan gas was going to lose money, but what I had told no one is that this was about more than just helping a gas station. I set out to create the world's first perfect rebate, a completely legal rebate that absolutely no one claims. Fortunately, most of them failed to read the fine print on their rebate slips. They didn't realize they had signed up for a lot more than just a hike. The gentleman who worked in the gas station told me that I would have to come hike mount chileo to get that rebate. It's been a long day, but it's been an adventure, so it's not too bad. What appealed to me about it was it just sounded kind of interesting. And once you're there, you might as well do it. I love being out here out of the city, getting to relax a bit, but it is a little bit apprehensive because it's the woods. All right, welcome to mount chileo, a place whose history is as rich as its peak is high. Do you have any questions? Where's the box? Well, you have to answer some riddles first. Wait, at the gas station you just told us we'd have to insert the paper into a box or something and then get our rebate. Right. Nothing was mentioned about a riddle or a series of riddles. Look, I don't have to pick up my kid till 3:00 tomorrow. Let's do it. Let's do this. Yeah. Let's do this. I'm a me, me, me system. I take care of me, I wash me, I feed me. Okay, be quiet so we can-- I was going to point out that this was all in the fine print, but they didn't even seem to care. This might go on longer than I thought. I've been resting for a million years, but I never sleep. I'm a kind of music, but out here I do not make a peep. Wind. Woodwinds, wind music. Is it the wind? Is it wind? It is not wind. Rock. Yes. Right on. Great, okay. All right, so the next riddle is under a rock. I was stunned by the number of people that had given up their entire day for cheap gas. Was it the thrill of saving money? Or were these people just completely insane? But after nearly an hour of riddles, people finally started dropping out. You have a test at 9:00? Yeah, but, I mean, I do want that rebate. What percent of your grade is it over? It's about 30% roughly. Yeah, you can't miss that. No. I was thankful there were some sensible people in the group, but not matter how hard I tried... You know, but again, if you don't want to claim the rebate, I can understand if you would wanna leave. Some people just wouldn't go. I am round and hard. In water, I sink deep. But if you do me to a baby, he surely shall sleep. Do you have any intentions on giving us our rebates? Yeah, we're almost done with the riddles. It's just dark, it's hard to read them. I can read it for you if you'd like. Well, I think we should just finish in the morning. Everything that you told us today hasn't happened. Yeah, we're here. Wait, you can't be so annoyed right now. I can't be annoyed? No. You're out of your mind! Well, why are you-- this is part of the deal. This is the rebate. No, the deal is I stay, I get my rebate. If you're staying, you can't yell at me like that. It's not appropriate. Okay, I'm not going nowhere then. I didn't think it would get to this point, but I had tents and camping gear on hand. Three people decided to stay the night. Do you guys know won't be the same by pettinger, bojanic, and hooper? Nope. It's a royalty-free music song from the internet. Well, play it. Let's hear it. It goes a little something like this. ♪ these days I just can't think straight ♪ ♪ I got too many angles ♪ ♪ running round my brain ♪ ♪ 'cause I know ♪ ♪ it won't be the same ♪ ♪ won't be the-- ♪ The only drugs that the fda will approve are drugs that pharmaceutical companies will spend $200 million on. As ray began lecturing me about alternative medicine, I found myself regretting this whole plan. Naturopaths drink urine. They tell their patients to drink urine, and that's part of a cure, and the reason why-- So you would drink urine? It's safer than almost anything out there. If my naturopath told me to drink urine, I might--I might-- Like, whose urine? Their own urine. Drink your own urine? Yeah. But as the night went on, I began to see that ray, laurie, and elizabeth weren't just cheapskates looking for a deal. In fact, money was the least of their problems. So now the state police major crimes squad is investigating me for arson. Still wear my wedding ring 25 years later. Haven't talked to her in 23 years or so. You need to be with someone else. Your wife left you 25 years ago, and you haven't moved on yet. How come I have to do this first? 'cause you have no fear of anything. I have a fear of kissing people. Hey. Oh, laurie. That's not laurie. Yes, it's on laurie. You know, I wasn't supposed to leave him. You know, I was supposed to stay. Um... But you can only push a person so far. Do you want a hug? Thank you. So the pharmaceutical companies don't want us to know that we can drink our own pee and that will cure every disease? That's right. How come you got away with-- Oh! Ray! What? Elizabeth. Ray. [laughs] By the end of the night, I felt like I had made new friends. Let's do it, man. It'll be fun. You wanna come? No, I'm sleeping. All right, so it's 4:15 a.M., and I'm gonna go play a prank on the girls' tent. [laughs] [laughing] Oh, my god. I can't believe she stayed asleep the whole way in the tent. All right, day two. You ready? We're ready. My cousin holds ice cream. My uncle reroutes traffic. You can find a wreath made of me up in your grandma's attic. A wreath of me-- Santa claus is the only thing I can think of. Lights. Let me honest with you guys. Yeah. This will never end. When I began this thing, I never thought that I would meet three people with so much free time that they'd be willing to camp out on the top of a mountain with a complete stranger just to save $13 on gas. But I did. And those three people turned out to be three of the most fantastic people I've ever met. Yeah. Over the past 24 hours, we've all gained something even more valuable than a rebate--friendship. Amen. I totally agree. So what do you say we all go down this mountain as friends? Yes. And take that to the bank instead of the rebate? Because to be perfectly honest, there is no rebate box. I knew that there was no rebate box. Well, we agree with you, the friendship that we gained here is just incredible, so let's go down the mountain. All right, come. I really did like these guys. But in the end, business is business. [upbeat music] ♪ The next day, I headed back to sevan gas to follow up with daniel. So? It works, but let's see how many people gonna come and pick up the rebate. Oh, we got one. Nathan Fielder. Oh, that's you. Nathan. Only one person, which is pretty good, you know? You wanna get your rebate, huh? Yeah, yeah. $16.54. I did this whole crazy thing so people wouldn't redeem the rebate. But really in the end, what I realized is that more important than any of this is friendship. Oh, that's right. And doing this I made some very good friends. Ray premus was one of them. Who? Ray premus. Oh. He was willing to drink pee. Pee? Yeah. Whose pee? No, just anyone's pee. Anyone's pee? He says there's no germs. Maybe they can drink my grandson's pee. It's very clean. Yeah? Why-- Because it's clean. Why drink my pee or your pee? You're promoting your grandson's pee. I am promoting because grandson's pee sometimes helps. It really helps. Have you drank your grandson's pee? Yeah. Why? I was scared. What do you mean you were scared? Yeah, sometimes you're scared for something. What are you talking about? Accident or something, you drink the grandson's pee, and it's gonna help you. I don't understand. Why does it help you if you drink your grandson's pee? That's what they say, yeah. Who says that? My grandma. Your grandma said-- Long time ago, yeah. You drink your grandson's pee if you get scared? Not grandson's. Any little kid. You drink any-- Not over age of five, because before over age of five, it's terrible. I have never-- I am serious about it. But why-- Yeah, if you're scared, you drink the small child's pee. It helps. I heard from my grandma. You can ask your parents or grandparents. Maybe they tell you too. I will ask, I guess. Thank you for giving this idea. ♪ now I'm in another time zone ♪ ♪ now you're in another space ♪ ♪ I was up ♪ ♪ baby what would I do ♪ ♪ if you'd be here today ♪
Well, not to be too forward, but I would love to be included in your will. [emotional music] I don't know. My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. [dramatic music] ♪ This... Is Nathan for you. Fashion is a multi-billion-dollar industry, but sadly, our obsession with clothing often means that people will go as far as stealing just to get their hands on that hot new style. And no one knows this better than gabrielle romero, manager of hardwear clothing in larchmont village, california. Oftentimes when shoplifting, they come in teams, usually more than one person, usually about three people. It's the real dark side of running a clothing store, but often in business, a negative like this can actually be turned into a positive. And that's why I'm here. What are some of the tricks people do to steal stuff? Um, definitely, they c-- they travel in packs. Sorry, you were looking at my hat. Oh, it's okay. Oh, okay. Is it-- Is it ok-- is it weird, or-- No. Your hat? I don't normally wear... No, it looks good. This type of hat. I like it. Oh, it's okay. I don't have to wear it. Okay. All right. Better? Sorry, yeah. So what were you saying about shoplifting? I don't remember. It happens. But maybe shoplifting isn't such a bad thing. You see, in fashion, good-looking people are trendsetters. So rather than trying to stop all shoplifters, hardwear can benefit by letting attractive thieves go free, because if attractive people wear it, their less attractive friends will come and buy it. Oh. Okay. What--what do you think? So we just wait for an attractive person to come in? Do I have to think they're attractive? Who's the judge? Well, that's what we have to decide. Okay. Okay. I needed to prove to gabrielle that this would work, so first, I had her and her staff each come up with a list of traits that they find attractive. Then later, I compiled all the traits into a master list. Now I needed someone to enforce it, so I hired a security guard. Simon? Hi, good to meet you. Thanks so much for coming out. Okay. So we're doing this thing here where we're allowing people to shoplift one item, but only if they're attractive. Okay. So the staff and I came up with a list of, uh, some traits that qualify a person as attractive. Right. So, basically, if someone meets all these traits, you know, they're allowed to shoplift. Otherwise, you have to stop them. Okay. Okay. You know, obviously, things like "big pen1s" Just apply to men. Right. With everything in place, we were ready to open our doors to customers. [upbeat techno music] ♪ The normal traffic was coming in, but I realized that people were missing the sign out front. So just to be safe, I went up to each person and told them about the promotion. We're doing a special promotion today where attractive people are allowed to steal one item. To shoplift one item. You work here? I'm representing the business. Why would you tell me to steal something? It's a special promotion. Okay. It was working great, as several women were shoplifting items. But according to simon, the first few women just didn't make the cut. She didn't pay for the item. It was strange because these women were attractive, but then I began to suspect that our security guard only cared about one thing. Have a good day. Thank you, you too. What did you think of her? She was, uh, she was rather pretty. What did you like about her the most? Uh, her figure. She had, you know, a pretty--pretty good build. Oh. Do you like that? Yes. Wait, what do you like? Um, you know, the way her-- The way her b-- her chest was. Is that what you were looking at the most? Um, yeah. And also she was-- Her f--her face was sort of pretty, but, you know, not-- not, like, totally pretty. The part you liked was-- Yeah. It was-- Yeah. Yeah. Big boobs wasn't on the list. And clearly, simon had an obsession. And after stopping several more attractive women with modest chests... You have to--you have to pay for all your items. Okay. I had to intervene. Let's say there's no list. You just see her on the street. What do you-- what do you think of her? She is somewhat pretty, but she could be prettier. And what would make her prettier? Uh, to let her hair down and, you know... Maybe smi-- And what was that? You did that after. To let her hair down and what? "and, you know--" I had to take simon aside. So you're saying double "d" breasts are essential for you? It's gotta be-- it's gotta be substantial. All right. All right, well, stick to the list then, for now. All right, I'll stick to the list. Thanks. Yeah. With simon back on track, we had a lot of women shoplifting. But that doesn't mean anything unless their friends are actually coming in to buy the stuff. So, to be sure this was happening, a week later, I used the phone number on the appearance release to contact one of the most attractive shoplifters of the day to get proof that the concept worked. Hi, natalie. Uh, you shoplifted an item from hardwear, uh, last week. Is that correct? Yes, yes, you're allowed. You're not in trouble. After some convincing, she agreed to meet with me. I knew that if it didn't work with her, it wouldn't work with anyone. Who are-- who are those guys? Oh, my friends--my fiance and the guy I'm staying with. Oh, okay. Thanks for coming out. So what was it that you shoplifted? A little black dress, short in the front, long in the back, with a white skull on it. Okay. Yeah. And has any of your friends seen you in it? Yeah, these guys have, but none of my-- Any girls? No. No girls. No, no girls. [sighs] All right, well, you have to convince a friend to buy something from there. Oh, that--I-- Nobody said that to me. Well, you kind of have to. You know, I-- I'd hate to show the police that footage of you stealing. Okay, well, I can try, and if she doesn't want to buy anything, I'll give you the dress back. Hey, julie, how are you? I'm a nice guy. I've gotta show you this really cute little outfit. Natalie's friend agreed to meet her at hardwear. But just to guarantee it would work, before she arrived, I gave her a hidden earpiece so I could tell her what to say. Hot dog. Got it. What'd I say? Hot dog. All right, good. Hi. Hi, how are you? Mwah. Good, thanks. Do you like it? Yeah, I love it. Nice. [bell jingles] Hi, ladies. Hello. Ask her if she likes wearing skulls. Do you like skulls? Yeah, I love skulls. You do? Yeah. Everyone's wearing skulls. Everyone's wearing skulls. We must find something with skulls on it for you. These were all designed by geraldo rivera. These were all designed by geraldo rivera. Oh, yeah? Yeah, they're beautiful. Oh, that's beautiful. Make her buy the shirt. I think you should buy it now. Yeah? Yeah. [suspenseful music] $79.33. And with those few little words... Thank you so much. The strength of my concept was undeniable. See you later. Thank you. And later that day, I paid gabrielle a visit to accept my well-deserved praise. How's business? Uh, business is good. Good. Yeah. So, just wondering, has anyone, uh, come in because of an item their friend shoplifted or anything? Yeah, actually, one-- one girl did come back. Really? Yeah, she brought a friend. Oh, my god. Yeah, yeah. Huh. Her friend bought a top. So it worked. I mean, it's just one. Huh. But it's not guaranteed to continually work. Huh. But it did work. Yeah, it worked with the one, like I said. Huh. But it just seems like kind of a risk, more than-- Hmm. Mm-hmm. Huh. All right, um-- It was nice meeting you. Well, good luck... Thank you. With your business, gabrielle. Thank you. I wish you the best of luck. Thank you. Okay. See you later. Whoop. From doing this show, one of the most common questions I get is, "how do you come up with your ideas?" The answer is simple-- research. When I want to get a sneak peek at a business, I'll often go ahead of time in disguise. This allows me to take a quick look at how the place is run and helps me come up with ideas. But if I want to observe a business for a longer period of time without arousing suspicion, I'll use the librarian's quest. Designed to look like a boring '80s arcade game, the body has been completely gutted out and rebuilt to fit a man of my proportions. To get inside the business, I have my crew say they're a moving company whose truck broke down. Hey, do you mind if we just keep this here for a few minutes? Our truck broke down. More often than not, store employees will agree to let them leave the game, allowing me to secretly observe how the business is run when they think no one is watching. Because I'm often in there for long stretches, the game's power cord is conveniently a straw, which enables my crew to discreetly drop off drinks to keep me hydrated. And with an exorbitant price and boring moves, I can also feel safe that no one will try to play it. Then, when I've seen enough, my crew comes back and retrieves me. Thanks again. Oh, no problem. Bye. Thanks. It may seem like a long way to go just for research, but it was this exact method that helped me come up with my idea for billy's deli. Smack-dab in the middle of glendale, california, restaurateur gloria pike is sick and tired of her diner being empty. The economy or something affecting a little bit. But little bit, kind of slow. Prior to my visit, I used the arcade game to observe billy's deli. Surprisingly, I saw nothing wrong with the business or the food. [slurping] But after being in there for so long, I really had to go pee, and it was only once I tried to use the bathroom at some of the neighboring businesses... Hey, do you guys have a bathroom I could use? That I realized there was a huge opportunity for billy's. So while I was hiding in the arcade game, I noticed that you guys have a strict "bathrooms for customers only" policy. Mm-hmm. And for that, I congratulate you. Thank you. Congratulations... On losing money. Losing money? The plan: an "anyone can use our bathroom" policy. In an area where bathrooms are scarce, billy's has an opportunity to attract a slew of bathroom-goers that can then be converted to customers. Once they use the bathroom, then we sell them on eating here. Mm-hmm. You guys could become the neighborhood toilet. Yeah, I guess it's good idea. And where better to market to them than where we have their complete, undivided attention? We put together a short commercial featuring gloria, and once it was done, I installed motion-activated monitors in every bathroom stall and urinal at billy's. With the ad in place, it was time to start spreading the word that billy's bathrooms were for everyone. The window signs would work great for passers-by, but I also wanted to spread awareness to other businesses in the area. So if you have any customers that need to use the bathroom, you can send them to billy's down the block. Oh, okay. Now I was ready to convince people who came for the bathroom to stay for the food. Hi, there. Are you here to use the bathroom? Oh, to eat? Okay. Yeah. Are you here to use the bathroom? Here to eat. Three? Yes. For the bathroom or for a table? Okay, um, yeah, she can help you. At first, it was looking like my signs weren't working, but then the bathroom crowd started to arrive. Hi. For the restroom? Yeah. Yes, it's right at the back. Thank you so much. Okay. They were about to see our commercial, and I wanted to show gloria their reactions. So it's not entirely legal, but we set up a couple hidden cameras inside the bathroom. I'll just need to get people to sign a release consenting to the use of the footage once they get out, which I don't foresee being an issue. Hello, how are you? Welcome to billy's. Please enjoy this message. [upbeat rock music] You may not be a customer, but at billy's, you're still welcome to use the bathroom. And while you're doing your thing, I'd like to talk to you a bit about our thing-- Making delicious food. Just look at these fine dishes. You can almost smell the quality food, made from the finest ingredients available, like our famous pastrami sandwich, fresh cobb salad, or our rich homemade chili. Mm-mm, look at that chili. People come from all over the world to eat at billy's. So why not stick around for a minute? You'll be glad you did. Billy's deli, your neighborhood toilet. Now I needed to see if the commercial did its job. Are you hungry? Uh, a little bit. So we have a full menu. Yeah. You can look at that. Also, uh, we need you to sign, uh, if you would, a-an appearance release. We were filming you in the bathroom with a hidden camera... Oh, really? To show the customer experience. Which part of me was being filmed? Just you watching the video. Oh, okay, because I'm using the restroom. So I'm wondering what part of it-- Yeah, your private parts won't be shown. Oh, okay. You should have told me that you guys are going to film. You didn't. Now you're gonna have to delete this thing. And I don't care whatever you want to use. Do you understand that? The important thing is-- I just want to know-- That's the important thing for me. What are you gonna eat today at billy's, because-- And it's a-- you're playing really a dangerous game right now. Okay, I'm sorry. We were filming you while you were using the bathroom. Oh, okay. So we need to, uh, get you to sign this release so we can use the footage on national television. Oh. If that's okay with you. Sure. Is that okay? Okay, yeah, sure. Okay, thanks so much. I mean, it basically says we can do anything we want with the footage and use it for anything. Oh, okay, right. Okay. For the most part, the in-bathroom filming wasn't a problem, and people were happy to sign the release. And I was so excited to show gloria my results. This man... [triumphant music] You can see him in the bathroom. Mm-hmm. Now look over there. Uh-huh. He's eating. Oh, yeah. See this man here? This man, mm-hmm. He's at the urinal. Mm-hmm. Look right there. Uh-huh. He's eating a meal. Yes, mm-hmm. Pretty amazing. Uh-huh, that's good. My idea was a success. Everything good? Up to your standards? Good. And seeing that smile on gloria's face made it all worth it for me. Well, how do you feel about everything? I mean, we've worked together so much this week, right? Uh-huh, yes. And in a way, you probably see me as a son. I mean, we're kind of like family. I'm like your son. Yes, it's like that. Yeah, that's right. Yes. Yes. Well, not to be too forward, but I would love to be included in your will. I don't know. You think it's a possibility that you-- Um... Your daughter? Of course, she has to come first. She is starting. She's young. Maybe? You'll think about it? Yeah, yes. Okay, I'll give you some time to think. I don't want to pressure you. Okay. I'm very excited. Okay. I mean, I might be the new owner. I know. I was so excited, and I couldn't wait to find out if I'd be included in gloria's will. Earlier tonight, I showed you how I research businesses, a process that involves a lot of waiting and watching. It can be kind of tedious, so I'd been thinking of getting someone to help me out, and I recently met someone who basically watches businesses for a living. So I called simon into my office to see if he'd be willing to take on a second job. I'm looking for someone to help out with some of the researching tasks... Oh, okay. Of my show. Do you think that's your skill set? Uh, yes. Now, I do know you have a vice. Mm-hmm. Right? Yeah. Women with-- With, uh, with--with large-- Large chests, yeah. I mean, you love that. Right. I mean, how much? Um, just--I would say that I dream about it or think about it, you know, like, almost every day of the week. What do you think about? I just think about, like, fondling or touching. Yeah. So if I'm gonna give you this job, I need to know that that's not going to be-- You're not gonna let yourself get distracted by that. No, I won't. Okay, great. Okay. Cool. Let's do it. Thanks, Nathan. Thanks, simon. I told simon that I wanted him to covertly research a business I was planning on helping for my show. All right, let's lock it up. What simon didn't know is that this was a test. [bleep]. Oh, you okay? Sorry. I'm all right. I had a local convenience store owner in on it, so I could observe simon and see what he would do. Observe the business. Look for any problems or anything that you see. Right. You got it? I got it. Okay, thank you. Simon thought I was just dropping him off and leaving, but really I had a plan to covertly re-enter the store and watch my test unfold. I never really use it because the arcade is more comfortable, but this custom-made cigar store indian has a hollowed-out interior just big enough to fit my body. [dramatic spaghetti western music] ♪ After 30 minutes in the arcade, he seemed to be doing great. But I wanted to test simon's focus with a true distraction: a pair of his coveted double d's. I couldn't blame simon for taking a peek. But I was pleased he quickly got back to his duties without blowing his cover or m*st*rb*t*ng. But I had one more test in store. I needed to know that simon wouldn't blow his cover even in the face of death. I had one more test of simon's loyalty, a life-or-death scenario planned out with a professional actor. The librarian's quest? I been looking for one of those things. Oh, you have? How much you want for it? Well, could I have it? Yeah? [chuckles] You know, it's a little big for my car, so I might have to cut it in half. Do you happen to have a saw? There you go. [laughing] Yeah. That'll work. Thanks. You're welcome. Geez. [dramatic music] Time to cut this baby in half. Uh-huh. [blade buzzing] [saw grinding] ♪ [whistle blows] [whistling continues] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, don. [chuckles] Yeah, my pleasure, man. All right, thanks. All right, simon? Yeah. How you doing in there? I'm okay. All right. That was a test, and you passed. Okay. Simon did amazing. Any other man under that circumstance would've blown his cover. You're probably nervous right now. Oh. You probably need a hug. Yeah. You okay? It's--it was-- it was a little-- It was a little nerve-wracking, but yeah, I'm okay. Well, you did great, man. Okay. Congrats. Cool. Yeah. All right. I was truly impressed by simon, and it felt good knowing I had someone I could count on. Unfortunately, I couldn't say the same for gloria, as she chose not to include me in her will. But unlike gloria, I never forget to reward those that help me out. Because you were so great, I have a surprise for you. Oh. Yeah. Okay. I want to introduce you to someone. Okay. But you have to promise me to be a gentleman. Okay. Okay? Yes. Trisha. Hi. Hi. [giggles] How are you? Good. Good. Hi, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. [giggles] Very nice to meet you. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Hey. Okay. [giggles] I was so happy for simon. But while I was watching him connect with trisha, I couldn't help but feel jealous because I wanted that same connection in my own life. Oh, well. More businesses next week. Ab-so-lutely. Most of the girls I've been with haven't been that-- that large. Have you ever talked about asking them to get implants or anything? If we were watching tv and there was a tv commercial, like, for--for implants, I would say, "hey, look at that," you know. "that--that looks pretty good." And did they ever do it? No.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now, I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. This... is Nathan For You. Underneath this man's clothes is a huge gift from God. Can you guess what it is? That's right. His Santa Claus body. James Bailey has been a professional Santa for over 20 years. And if you looked like him, you'd be one too. I am 6'4", and I do weigh 350 pounds. Holy [Bleep]. Yeah, holy [Bleep]. Yeah. I mean, my doctors would like me to lose some weight. So it's the trade-off between living longer or dying and getting to be Santa. It's like, what's better? It's hard to say. Well, it's very hard to say. But for someone so committed to bringing us joy, it's a shame that, for most of the year, James is completely out of work. In the summertime, Santa Claus becomes a homeless person. But I wouldn't be here if I didn't have a solution. So you know how the best time to buy a winter coat is in the summer? 'Cause that's when all the sales are. Yes. So what I'm thinking is that same approach... with Santa. I'm not seeing how that applies to Santa Claus. Every Christmas, people line up in malls to get their pictures taken with Santa. But what if you could do it when it's less crowded and at half the cost? The plan: Discount photos with Santa in the summer. Yeah, that's a great idea. I can see the dollar signs in your eyes. [Laughing] Yeah. Right. For this to work, we needed to get a shopping mall on board, and mall manager Sweeney Montinola at the SouthBay Pavilion in Carson, California, was happy to let us try out our concept. I think Santa in the summer is a fun and unique idea, and it will be great for SouthBay Pavilion. With a mall on board, it was now time to buy the supplies for our Christmas village. Which stuff do you rent for the most, which holiday? Christmas. Christmas? Yes. Okay. You really shoved this away in a corner, huh? Yep. [Laughing] No one likes this? Yes. But after renting our props, something bad happened. The mall's policy requires a background check on all employees. But when we had one run on James, something actually turned up. So I paid him a visit to see what the story was. You have a criminal record? Well, yeah. The only... it was a misdemeanor, really, from a DUI many years ago. Okay. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, but then again, from the first day I met James, I could tell he was different from other Santas. This is a Smith & Wesson .500 Magnum. This is a .45 caliber semi-automatic. .22 rifle. The AK-47. This is a .300. Little shotgun in case you're into shotguns. This is a .357 Magnum, and that one is loaded. Okay, we can't take out a loaded gun. And there hasn't been any other crimes that I should know about. No, there's nothing there. Even though James had a criminal record and a closet full of guns, I could still tell he was a good guy. But when I went back to SouthBay Pavilion, they didn't see it that way. I wouldn't allow anyone that has any kind of background to be that close to kids. I mean, he's a really good guy. I think you'd really like him. No and no. Okay. Definitely no. I didn't know how to tell James that the mall didn't want him, but I paid him a visit to break the news. It's also important if we could have it set up so that we could print the photos right there. Right. You know, so we do the digital. We get the pictures taken. Sure, sure. So that might help draw more people in. Right, so I spoke to the director of marketing at the mall. Okay. And... uh... They're okay with us doing it? Yeah? Great. So we're gonna make this happen then. That's outstanding. [Laughter] Yeah. Good. Yeah. I just gotta say thank you. Really. I think this is awesome. James seemed so excited, and I just didn't have the heart to tell him that he wasn't wanted by the mall. So my only goal was to make it happen. My hope was that, if we got in there early, we could do about 1/2 hour's worth of photos with James before anyone realized we weren't supposed to be there. So on the morning of August 2nd, we quietly pulled our truck up behind the JCPenney . And before unloading the village, I had a quick word with James. Just so you know, if I ever say "abort," we should just walk to the exit if you can. Abort. Yeah. Um... Okay. Okay. That's it. All right, quicker, guys. We're gonna be doing a Santa display soon. Maybe over here. Maybe, like, the background is here. Do you want your picture taken with Santa? Come. Hi, there. Hey, yeah! What's your name? Here, come here, little one. Yes. You know how to do it. Yeah. Big smile. Look at the camera. The mall manager. What's her name again? I'm, uh, Nat... I'm just an elf. Wait. Um... Would you like your photo taken with Santa? $5 only. It's discounted prices 'cause it's earlier in the year. Excuse me. Okay, come. Okay. Let's go. Come on. This way. [Radio chatter] Excuse me. Hey, can you stay away from the cameras, please? You can't go in front of... please. Can you stay away from our camera person? Okay, we're going. That's nice. We are leaving. Nathan, you want me to stop him? I said, does he want me to stop you? Yeah. [Cackling] You've never messed with Santa Claus, have you? All right, okay. Just cool it, dude. No, it's okay. James. I'm out of the door. Stop it. Oh, my goodness. James, come with me. [We Wish You A Merry Christmas playing] ♪ ♪ Okay, I know... We're both trying to do our jobs. Okay, don't swear. There's kids around. Do not swear. Now! There's kids around. You can't swear when there's children around. Yes, I'm walking. We're both trying to do our jobs, okay? So you can't think your job's more important than mine. Well... Watch out. Stay back, please. You can't say the "F" word around kids. What just happened? Okay, um... [Sighs] When I talked to the mall manager and I told her about the criminal record thing, she didn't wanna have us. [Sighs] So we weren't allowed... To be in there. That came up? But I didn't wanna tell you because I thought you'd be sad. [Grunts] So I wanted to go through with it. I mean, I... I honestly felt like it's a human rights issue. You have to be able to be able to do this when you did something so small in the past. That guy almost wanted to fight. But just what you did, stepping up to him, just again proves, like, my point of how great of a guy you are. [Laughing] Oh. And just how much you deserve to be doing this. Well, yeah, this is great. The little kids are enjoying it. That was fun. The main point is we made a stance. Okay. And we did what was right. All right. You understand? Yeah, I'm with you there. Merry Christmas, bro. Okay, guy. [Laughing] All right. Okay. ♪ Noel, Noel ♪ It felt good to help someone with a criminal record redeem themselves. But what if I could prevent someone from entering a life of crime while they were still young? When I see stuff like this, I see what's probably a teenager headed down the wrong path. So I decided to catch a teen doing graffiti and then warn his parents before he turns to a life of crime. To do this, I created a series of fake promotional posters for my TV show that may seem innocuous, but to an immature vandal, would be extremely tempting to deface. To see which one would work best, we left the posters up for a week in several locations around the city of Los Angeles. To my surprise, the "every penny counts" poster, "risk equals reward," "tie shoes for safety," and "be flexible" didn't attract any graffiti at all. However, "dream big" and "stand up to the big guys" did. I decided to go with "stand up to the big guys" since there was opportunity for two [Bleep]s and put it up on a wall near a local high school. I left a pen and added a sticker that would make the act even more irresistible to an immature smart aleck. With all the elements in place, I watched from a van across the street, ready to pounce at any moment. We'll check back with this in a bit. But first... Terry Fox has been running this petting zoo in Oak Glen, California for years. Can I touch the fat pig? Yes, you may. Absolutely. But with several other petting zoos located closer to the major city of Los Angeles, Terry needs to give people a good reason to visit hers. And that's where I come in. People don't go to Seaworld to see a whale. They go to see Shamu. Right. Who's your Shamu? Our Shamu is our petting farm. Our pigs, our goats. Shamu is one animal. Right. So if I had one animal to pick, um, it would be the pigs. The pigs is multiple... Multiple, yes. Animals. Mm-hmm. So you don't... You just... You don't have a Shamu. We just don't have one Shamu. No, we don't. My mission was to make oak Glen petting zoo a destination. And what they needed was a star animal. The plan: To create a hero pig by staging a viral video in which he rescues a baby goat from drowning. Oh, okay. So I think if you had a video like that, people would come from places as foreign as Japan, and even more foreign like China, just to see your hero pig. That would be great. The first step was picking our animals. Vince would be our hero pig, and Gangster the goat would be our victim. The zoo had a large trout pond, so this would be the setting for our rescue. But when I brought Vince near the water, I realized he was an incredible coward. [Vince squealing] Okay, okay! Okay, okay, okay! No, no, no, no! So we hired some animal handlers to bring in a professional movie pig that looked identical to Vince. The question now was how do we get a pig to rescue a goat on camera? Answer? You can't. So I decided to have two scuba divers secretly submerged beneath the animals guiding the pig towards the goat to make it look like a real rescue. During the first couple attempts, the pig kept slipping out of the divers' hands. So we decided to build an underwater track out of pvc to guide the pig like a bowling ball going down a bumper lane. This worked a lot better, and I was hopeful it would fool the Internet audience into believing this video was real. But as the amount of people involved began to grow, including animal trainers, stuntmen, and humane society reps, I started to get worried. After all, word couldn't get out that this was fake or it would be a disastrous scandal for Oak Glen. So I asked everyone on set to sign non-disclosure agreements stating that they swore not to tell anyone the rescue was fake or else they would face the death penalty. Even though my lawyer said the death penalty clause was not enforceable, I still wanted to leave it in there so people knew how serious I was. After several failed attempts, we finally got the rescue on tape. [Goat crying] We had our video. And it was great. But now we needed a convincing backstory. If this goes viral, the press will wanna know... Who filmed this video? It couldn't be me with my background in television. People would smell a hoax from a mile away. But there was one person no one would ever suspect. Santa Claus. In order to distance myself from the pig rescuing goat video, I got James to agree to say that he was the one who shot it. So for believability, I needed to record audio of James to make it sound like he was there on the day it was filmed. Goat in the water! Goat in the water! Goat in the water! Yeah. Goat in the water. Now, I needed to be sure that Terry was with the program. So when the media comes a-knocking... Mm-hmm. Here's what you say. Okay. Verbatim. Okay. I sometimes take the animals out to the pond. That day, I left to go get my lipstick from the office. That's when the goat must've slipped in. I never saw the rescue. However, a good samaritan showed me the video. I never got his name or his gender. Now repeat. Gimme a minute. I sometimes... I sometimes take the animals out to the pond. Here, I did write it down for you. Thank you. With Terry's script to memorize, the hero pig story was becoming more concrete. "When the goat slipped in." Okay. But then I realized I had one more mouth to shut. While we were filming the rescue, one of the scuba divers, Alex, was telling me some pretty personal stuff about actors he's worked with in the past. Jennifer Aniston, Ben Stiller. Ben's pretty bold. He had to do some kinda nude water stuff over in Hawaii... for Along Came Polly. I did that movie with him. Alex was clearly a liability, and I couldn't have him spilling details about our video on his next job. So I asked him to meet me at the Pico subway station to have a little reminder chat. Thanks for meeting me here. What's up? How's it going? No worries. Good. Good. Oh, you're a bit tense. So, uh... well, you know... Stand right here. So how you been? Good. I just wanted to ask. Do you remember that "pig rescues goat" video we made? Yeah. You haven't been talking to anyone about that or anything, have you? You look like you're trying to like threaten me. What? You look like you're... No, no! Not at all! You're shoulders were sore. That's why I was doing that. Come on. Just 'cause I'd be very... Very upset... Yeah. If you told someone about... Could you... All right, all right. Okay, yes, I'm sorry. No, I'm sorry. Yes. I shouldn't have done that. Yeah, but please don't tell anyone, okay? Okay. Thank you. Okay. No worries. My paranoia was getting the best of me. The video hadn't even been uploaded, and I was already getting worried about people revealing the secret. Plus, watching the video again, I started to doubt that this would fool anyone. Goat in the water! All I could do at this point was upload the video and let the public decide. Goat in the water! When I woke up the next morning, I was astounded to see that the video had been posted on Gawker, eBaum's World, and a bodybuilding message board. It had over 3,000 views, and that was way more than I ever expected. Then I saw it was climbing the charts on reddit. Then I checked the view count an hour later. Holy [Bleep]. By the way, this may sound like a sea rescue, but a goat... a baby goat... gets stuck in water. This is some pig. You have to see it. A goat at a petting zoo got stuck in a lake. This really happened. That was cool! Have no fear, there's a pig there. I mean, you couldn't do this at Warner brothers as a cartoon and make it seem more realistic. We're wayward duty-bound to pass this on. It's the leading web video today. While we have no way of knowing if it's real, this was apparently shot at a petting zoo. Goat in the water! That's a baby goat who got out into too deep water. Begins crying for help. Enter this pig. [Speaking native language] [Singing] It seemed like the whole world was talking about my video. For a moment, I felt bad because it wasn't real. But then I realized that that didn't matter. Interspecies, he went and helped... learn from it, humans. In these cynical times, people are desperate for something to believe in. And I gave people a reminder that it's okay just to believe. How did the pig free the goat? Just kinda guided it, just pushed him. [Laughter] Every day with Elizabeth is like "how did this happen?" I always knew this video was something special. And that's why, in the end, I decided not to put the name of the petting zoo on it. I didn't want it to come across like an ad, you know, for the petting zoo. Mm-hmm, right. I thought it would be a bit transparent. But if people would've known that it was Oak Tree Village... But I mean, you can't be so selfish. Selfish? Well, I mean, if people love the video, it's like... Can't just be all about the business. But that's what it was supposed to be about when you first came up. It was supposed to be about the business. Terry just didn't seem to understand. But I don't leave those that I help empty-handed. That's why I made her this sign. As my stakeout for a young vandal continued, I was starting to get frustrated. I'd been monitoring the poster for over four hours, and no one had defaced it. For a moment, I thought this wasn't going to work. But I was quickly proven wrong. Oh, he's taking the pen. Oh, my God. He's actually doing it. On camera. Let's go! Let's go! Hey, man. Hey. Hey, how's it going? It's going. Cool, what are you doing there? Oh, that's so funny. You drew a [Bleep]. Yeah. Yeah, that's really funny. We're doing a show about teens... cool teens... Called "Teen Street." Uh-huh. Is it cool if we ask you a few questions for the show? Sure, no problem. All right, cool. That's really funny. That's mega funny. This teen was no good, and his parents needed to know what he did. So to earn his trust, I told him we wanted to make an entire "Teen Street" episode about him. So we spent the rest of his afternoon shooting segments for a fake show. [Beeping] What up! I'm Kyle. 19 years old. And this is "Teen Street." If you don't like it, [Bleep] you. [Laughing] I do whatever the [Bleep] I want, and I can do whatever I want. The thing I'm most proud of is I make [Bleep] load of money. No regrets. [Cheers and applause sounds] Listen to that! Bam. Yeah, I skated for six years, played the drums for six years, and did muay tai and Brazilian jiu jitsu. You have to love your mom. If you don't, go [Bleep] yourself. This show is about the coolest teens in town. Both: "Teen Street," bitches! First tattoo when I was 13. This is the only girl that never complains to me. [Moaning] [Laughing] All right, so now I'm gonna show you where I live. Let's do this. For the final part of the segment, I said we had to do a tour of his house. He didn't know it, but he was leading me right to his parents, and I was going to tell them what he did to my poster. What up? This is my pad. This is where I spend my time making trouble. I'm gonna show you a tour real quick. So who's this lovely lady? This is my mom Sheri. Awesome, man. Nice to meet you. Guess teens have moms. Right? Yeah. All right, but we need to stop laughing for a moment, because we have to sit down. I have something to talk about. Okay. He's drawn two penises right there. And you can see I'm holding them as if I'm m*st*rb*t*ng these two men. [Laughs] Your s... you're laughing. I don't... What do you find... Is that funny to you? I... no. This is not funny. The penises? Do you like that? No. Being held like that? [Laughter] Is that... so this is... okay. So this is funny to you. To my surprise, even his mom wasn't taking this seriously. Luckily, I had an LAPD officer with me to set him straight. What we have here is a crime. If someone sees you commit the crime, you can get arrested and go to jail. And believe me, you don't wanna go to jail. Would drawing penises going into someone's hand be a segue to, you know, murder? Of course not. I don't think so. Never? I'm not gonna say never. So may... yes. So then yes. If he choked on it, maybe. Kyle. Show respect and apologize. It's a good way to go. All right, well, I did enjoy drawing penises next to your face, but I really do apologize. No, I don't accept that. I don't accept an apology that starts like that. [Clears throat] I apologize for drawing a pen1s next to your face. Okay. All right. You're a good kid. You have a lot of potential. And to be honest, I see some of myself in you. But you just have to try to become more like me and less like you. No, I disagree. I think he should be more like himself... Well, he shouldn't be like himself obviously. Someone who draws penises. [Overlapping comments]
own a pizza place... Both: Help me, Nathan. My name is Nathan Fielder, And I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now, I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. This... Is Nathan for you. Frozen yogurt is one of the most popular treats in america, Enjoyed by everyone like asian women... Or just a regular guy in the neighborhood. Well, I'm just a regular guy... In the neighborhood here. But that popularity doesn't mean much If your yogurt shop is empty. Nick Batista is the manager of yogurt haven In eagle rock, california. And lately, he's been in desperate need of customers. It would be a plus if we got more traffic going. So I paid him a visit with some advice On how to help his business Firstly, did you see someone in here with a beard yesterday? I was actually not working yesterday. It was my day off. That was me. Okay. Yeah. I came to scope it out. Oh, sweet. Yeah. Cool. My mission was to fill yogurt haven with customers. My plan... A crazy new flavor that will get people talking. That flavor is poo. [Snickering] Is that serious? Yeah. The media responds to controversy. We know that. I feel like a poo yogurt flavor might be a news story. If people read the paper, It could bring like... Hundreds of thousands of people in here maybe... Just to try that flavor? Yes Of poo. Yes. I really needed to sell my idea to Nick. So the first step was to actually create the new flavor. I found a company online that said they could custom-Make any flavor. And after a week of waiting, the flavor was ready. So I went to the gold coast lab in commerce, california To pick it up. This is, uh... This is what you requested. We call it "artificial feces" flavor emulsion. Is there a real- There's no actual... It's completely edible. It... You could eat this. Right. But if you wanted to dilute it... Mix it into yogurt. You could make yogurt. I didn't wanna be the first to try it, But I needed to know if the taste was accurate. So I conducted a taste test with some strangers. So I'd le everyone to try the frozen yogurt In front of you. Ugh. Yuck. What does it taste like? It's not good. Peppermint. Peppermint? Kinda like licorice. Mm. It's got some other familiar... Flavors in there, but I can't... What does this taste like to you? Poo. [Giggling] I don't know. Really? Yeah, it does actually, What I would think of, um... What we you basing that on? Um, clearly the look helps. Right. The color. Uh... Normal. 'Cause I was just... It was amazing how quick you got it. So I was like, oh, maybe she's liked it. No. 'Cause it's based on real poo. Never tried it. I mean, it's okay. You can say if you have. I haven't. It's not... I mean... No, I promise. Genuinely, it would help to know If you actually have and it does. No, I have not ever. Even by accident you're telling me? Not by accident. It's okay. No. It's totally fine if you have. I have never tried it. People do weird things all the time. I promise you. I was happy with the results. And with the flavor in good shape, It was time to revisit nick at yogurt haven. Um... Huh? I'm just gonna throw this... Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what do you wanna do? Um... We can give it a shot, But I mean, it's not something I would have out here for... More than a day. We settled on 2 1/2 months to start. And with Nick's permission, We installed the new flavor. Now I wanted to get an article in the paper and that meant hiring a publicist. And I got a meeting with one of L.A.'S best, Tyler barnett. I think if you really are considering implementing A [bleep]-Flavored ice cream, You should reconsider the entire campaign. So you disagree? Yeah, I think it's a poor idea. If you heard that a frozen yogurt shop in your neighborhood Had a poo flavor, you're saying you wouldn't go to check it out? No. There are better ways to get attention. I can come up with five off the top of my head. Okay, I'd like to hear one. Frozen-Yogurt-Eating contest. Invite kids from all around the block to come and have a frozen-Yogurt-Eating contest. Okay, I would not go to that. Next one. You know what you could do. You could fill a bucket full of [bleep] frozen yogurt And put it on your head and then stand outside of the store With a sign that says "I don't know how to market a business" And see if people come. People could come with little spoons and they could... When I first came today, I had to go to the bathroom and you lent me your keys. I did. I saw that you drive a porsche. I do. Um, don't they say people that drive nice cars Maybe have small penises? I think it's a known fact. Well, I assure you that's not a known fact. How can you assure me? Do you... Have you seen a lot of penises? Some. Some. Since you're a pen1s expert, I'm asking. I'm not a pen1s expert. What are you talking about? You just said that you're a pen1s expert. No, I said I've seen a few penises. I think I haven't seen enough penises... like you have to. I don't understand the amount... Seeing the amount of penises, How that would have to do with you having a small pen1s? Unfortunately, Tyler didn't wanna take me on as a client. So I opted for a more grassroots approach To get the word out. Yeah, mom? Shoot. Sorry. Oh, my god. Sorry, please... Oh. Oh, here. No, it okay. Here. No, sorry, my hands are full. Yeah, it's not a problem. I was just telling my mom there's this frozen yogurt shop That has this crazy flavor. Uh-Huh. It's like a poo flavor yogurt. [Laughing] I was just telling her. So I was dropping all my stuff. You should check it out. See ya. My plan was working, And people were flocking to the store To check out the new flavor. So what flavors did you get? I got e vanilla, the euro tart, And the poo flavor. Oh, the poo. That was my least favorite. It was a success. And like I predicted, the store was full. And in the world of business, that's all that matters. But just when I thought my job was done, The next day I paid Nick a visit With an even better idea. I went for dinner last night at a restaurant. And while I was eating, I saw some... I think, like, rat poop on the ground. And I was so disgusted I couldn't finish my meal. So I was thinking, I'm not sure if it's a good idea To have something poo-Related in a place that serves food. That's what I was trying to say... From the very beginning. Right. Anyways, I just wanted to give you that advice. So... you're welcome, and... Thank you. I mean... Take care. I mean, if... Yeah, if you wanna hang out some time outside. Uh... I don't know. It's fine. Don't have to. Yeah, okay. I said the wrong thing at the wrong time again but I never really meant Everybody talks about the importance Of a good college education. But over the years, I've discovered that being smart Has very little to do with success. Confidence. And if you don't believe me I'll prove it. I arranged a job interview at a reputable law firm. They allowed us to film with our cameras, But what they don't know Is that every word I say in the interview Will be decided by a seven-Year-Old boy. This is amir, and he loves the color orange. My favorite color is orange because... Because orange... It could... So by only saying what Amir tells me to say Through this hidden earpiece, Ostensibly giving me the brain of a seven-Year-Old, Can I land this high-Powered job based on confidence alone? Well, you're about to find out. What we actually do here is we file a lot of documents In the court, motions. Why would you wanna work in a law firm? Because it says "no bad guys." Because it says there's no bad guys. And so no bad guys could come in that town. So no bad guys could come in that town. Um... What's the next question What's the next question? Okay. What kind of experience do you have in this field? What that means. What that means. Legal experience. Could we just not do this question? Could we not do that question? Okay. Do you know how to file documents in the courts? Do you like skateboarding? You like skateboarding? No, I don't like skateboarding, But I asked you a question. Can we mon? Can we move on? Okay. It seemed like I was nailing it. And at the end, I asked Ms. Castanita for an evaluation. All right, so I know that was a mock interview. But if that was a real job, Would you have hired me based on what you saw? No. But maybe? No. But maybe though, right? Maybe. Wow. I just landed a job at a law firm Using the words of a seven-Year-Old By acting confident. But what if, instead of an innocent kid It was a jerk who was actually trying to sabotage me? So I headed into another job interview, This time at dilbeck real estate With top agent west de young. My friend john has been instructed To make it as hard as possible for me to get the job. So will my confidence be enough to overcome that? Hi, I'm Nathan. Hi, I'm Nathan. West de young. West. Like the direction. Ha ha. Ha ha. Nice to meet you. You can call me Nathan, Or you can call me by my nickname, the "n" word. Well, you can call me Nathan, Or you can call me by my nickname, the "n" word. [Laughing] okay. So... So... So... What brings you here? What's your interest in coming in? Well, I like my jobs like I like my women... Easy I like my jobs like I like my women. And how is that? Easy. I like your dimples. But again, so what's your vision? I like your dimples. Thank you. So does my mother. Is she still alive? Is she still ave? Yes, she is. That's too bad. That's too bad. I mean my mother. My mother. She's dead. My mother, she's dead. And how did she pass away? In the war. In the war. In which war? The iraq war. Iraq. Okay. So what branch of the serve did she serve in? She fought for the iraqi army under saddam hussein. She fought for... iraq. Against america. Against america. Okay. Yeah, so let me tell you a little bit more about me. So, yes, let me tell you A little bit more about me. Okay. Along with my interests in real estate, I also am a child molester. Did you hear me? I said I am also interested in molesting children." Um... What I have is an inflation that I can't control. No, I'm not saying that. I said 98% of what john said. But the real accomplishment Was that after the interview end... So we've done a job interview. Sort of. West was still impressed by my confidence Your confidence gave me... A reason to think that it would be worth chatting with you more. I was two for two. But what you just saw is nothing Compared to what's coming up later. In the world of pizza, delivery is king. But don't just take my word for it. Tony a. Owns valley pizza land in van nuys, california, And he says that over 30% of his business Comes from delivery. As usual, I went by the day before in my beard To scope things out. The next day, I met up with tony without my beard. This is valley valley's pizza lan Great. So we got hollywood Pizza land, We got l.A. Pizza land. It should be... There should be a "y" up here. Yeah, yeah. Tony explained to me that the key to his business Was his 35-Minute delivery guarantee. But I had an even better idea That would blow his competition out of the water. You're gonna guarantee 8-Minute delivery Or you get a free pizza. Yeah? No, I don't think so. 'Cause why? You can't deliver in eight minutes, right? Of course not. Even I can't cook the pizza for eight minutes. That's the point. Yes. You'll always be late. But the free pizza they get will be an inch big. Oh, okay. The plan... 8-Minute delivery guarantee. With this offer, Tony will still get the money from the original order, And he'll only have to give away a tiny pizza as the free one. Don't be shy to tell me it's a great idea. To be honest, I love compliments. Oh, yeah? Yeah. I had some flyers done up to advertise the new promotion. Ooh, very nice. "8 minute delivery guaranteed." So you're willing to give it a try? Oh, yeah. Yeah, we gonna try it. Yes. Okay. And with Tony's approval, We printed off hundreds of them And had them delivered to houses and apartments All over the city. [Phone ringing] Pretty soon, the calls were starting to come in, And the staff was hard at work putting my idea to the test. But because this was going to be a brand-New situation For the delivery guy, I wanted to prepare him for what might happen at the front door. Angel. Angel? Your name? Yes. Why you have that name? Um, because my mother gave it to me. Oh, okay. So when you arrive at the front door, You're gonna be late. And people are gonna be wanting their free pizza. So maybe let's just role play what that might look like So you know what to expect. Okay. Okay? Yes. You would knock. Oh. Oh, hello. Hi, I have a delivery for-From pizza land. Oh, yes, thank you. Your... But your ad said eight minutes or a free pizza." And you were over 30 minutes. Here's your free pizza, sir. Hmm. This is a lot smaller than what I expect. But technically, You didn't specify the size of the free pizza. So this is fair. Thank you very much. So that's probably how it will go. And you still need to charge them for the big pizza. Yeah. With adequate training and a backlog of orders, What are your... What is your, like, ultimate goal? To be an artist, a singer. Singer? Yeah. And the home of the brave Yeah, I kinda tweaked it a little bit, Made it my own. Yeah, that's... great. Hi, my name is angel. Uh, I got an order of a large cheese and pepperoni pizza. Yeah. Here. Your free pizza. No, sir. Are you kidding me? This is the free pizza? [Laughing] "Guaranteed free pizza." It doesn't specifically say what size of pizza it is. Doesn't anybody say anything to you? That's, like, ridiculous. That's okay. Have a good day. Along with the $14.26. Take your $14.26 and tell your boss To [bleep] 'fess up and do the right thing. 'Cause that's not right. That's a piece of... That's garbage. I want nothing from you. Thanks, man. Be good. Hey... Be careful driving. All right. Thanks. He didn't accept the pizza. He didn't take it? At all. Did he pay? No. He wouldn't take it, he wouldn't pay for it. He wouldn't... He doesn't wanna see me. Here, gimme your shirt. Gimme your shirt. I'm gonna go in. "8 minute delivery guaranteed or a free pizza." It doesn't say the size of the pizza. You know what? Take your self and your pizza... We're following... You're... And I'm following my rules. [Bleep] you! That's my rules. I ain't paying [eep]. Ta your pizza and stick it up your ass. I don't wanna see it, I don't wanna hear about it. You don't have to be rude. Go away. Why do you have nail polish on your thumb? 'Cause I'm gay. You got a problem with that? Bite it. So how did it go? He wouldn't pay. What should we do? When they have a great guy, I don't know why they don't just stay with him. Basically, they want the guys who treat them horrible. Nice guys like us are left behind. Yeah. They say nice guys finish last. At least we got our pizza. Yes, I do love pizza. Two weeks after implementing the delivery guarantee, I nt back to valley pizza land To see how things were going. So eight minutes is not enough for us. The pizza is not ready, and we're late, And we give out this tiny pizza for our customers. I have a parting gift for you. Okay. Here's a bunch of ys. Okay. So if it falls, you know,. All right. Thank you, tony. Thank you. Best of luck with your business. So far tonight, you've seen me land jobs Using the words of amir and john. But what if I did my confidence experiment With someone who had no chance of ever getting hired? Like ted. He's a turtle. Again, only use ted's words, Can I impress executive ash hamid enough With my confidence to hire me at his company? Hi. Ash. What's your name? I'm ash hamid. Nice to meet you. Um, do you need someone with sign language? Well, I always work for myself. Once he started talking, I knew I was in control. And after wards, I showed him who he'd really been interviewing. This is who you just hired. And that's the power of confidence. I would love to be included in your will. Double "D" breasts are essential for you? It's gotta be substantial.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. This is "Nathan for You." There's nothing more fun than sitting on an animal that's bigger than you and riding it around, which is why Joy Lazarus of Park Place Stable in Malibu, California, has made a business out of charging people to do just that, unless, of course, you're overweight. We don't want to injure our horses, and that's what it really comes down to, so, you know, we're not gonna allow a 400-pound person to ride. But unlike Joy, I believe that everyone should be able to mount a horse, so I paid her a visit with a way to help. You know, it's nice to think about your horses and all, but humans have feelings too. I don't want to reject anybody, but there's... you know, there's... there's nothing I can do. Right now, the heaviest load a horse can carry is 220 pounds, and if Joy allowed riders above that weight to mount a horse, there's a big risk the animal will buckle and suffer severe or even fatal injuries. [gunshot, bell rings] But if plus-sized customers could have their weight offset by being tied to helium-filled weather balloons, Joy would be able to expand her customer base to a totally unserved market. So, um, you want to put balloons on a person? Correct. Okay. Sometimes it's not about, you know, only making money. It's about doing what's right. Imagine if you were the only place that could provide horsey rides for the, uh, morbidly obese. But I don't, I mean... I don't want you to end up on the wrong side of history with this one. Okay. Joy was in, so the next morning, I ordered some weather balloons online and amassed a stockpile of helium to conduct a preliminary weight test. I discovered that each helium-filled balloon I attached to me would reduce my weight by 20 pounds, so it was a simple matter of adding more until each customer was below the weight limit, but I still had to factor in the harsh conditions of the trail. You see, when Joy took me along the route earlier, I noticed there were two things that could compromise the balloons, the sharp branches that hung over the trails and the razor-beaked birds that were in the sky. If either one of them came in contact with our balloons, the result would be disastrous. With a horse's life at stake, I wasn't gonna take any chances, so I came up with the idea of having two pizza-paddle-like branch blockers that would protect the balloons from any punctures. Nice. This would work well for the trees, but unlike branches, birds are a moving target that would require a more precise approach. So I paid a visit to a local gun shop to see if there were any nonlethal ways to incapacitate a bird. I'm looking for a gun that will, like, stun a bird but not kill it. Doesn't exist. Odds are, you're gonna kill it or cripple it. I didn't want to kill a bird, so I explained my entire plan to the clerk to see if he had any other ideas, but that's when his mood soured. You want to suspend people with helium balloons so that it alleviates the weight of them on the back of a horse. Yes. [sighs] I do not believe in this... in this "hug the world" scenario that you're describing where everybody has a right to do everything just because they want to. I disagree. I think anyone should be able to do anything. I do not have a "bubble gum and sunshine" view of the world. Uh-oh! Uh-oh! If people don't suffer for their own stupidity, nobody learns. What was that sound? Sorry, that was my... Oh. Cell phone telling me there's a message. Let me put that on... forgot to put that on silent. It says "uh-oh" like that every time? Every time I get a message. Do you have an option of what it says? Yeah. And you chose that? Yep. It was clear this guy wasn't gonna help me find a way to protect my balloons from birds, but that's when it occurred to me that I might be able to adapt a tool that farmers had been using on the ground for years to the sky. A flying scarecrow. It was the nonviolent solution I was looking for. So, with everything I needed, I could now head back to Park Place Stable to put my idea to the test. I had found an overweight man named Heath who was willing to try out my concept. And after doing an official weigh-in... 275. I calculated it would take exactly three balloons to bring him under the weight limit. But as he started getting strapped in, I noticed that two other customers who had been booked for the same ride were looking at Heath and snickering. I had already explained to them that we were accommodating an overweight customer, so this behavior was completely inappropriate. So, before we headed out, I decided to give them a talk. Can I ask what's funny about what we're doing here? There's three massive balloons ha... attached to a man. Right there. I mean, this is the only way he can ride a horse. Would you laugh at a wheelchair? I mean, that's a medical device he's wearing. Okay. You're 100% right. Right. Just because he's a larger man and hooked up to giant helium balloons... [giggles] It doesn't mean... excuse me? It's not funny at all. Right. 'Cause if I see either of you so much as smirk from this point forward, your ride is over. Got it? Yes. Mm-hmm. All right. With the normal riders promising to be respectful and Heath now weighing in below the 220-pound limit... How does it feel? Good. Feels good. Do you feel lighter? Yeah, I feel light. I feel good. It was finally time for everyone to saddle up, so the ride could begin. Great. And I watched as, for the first time in history, a plus-sized man was able to ride a horse. [inspirational music] With my branch blockers trailing close behind and the flying scarecrow overhead, I felt that we were ready for anything Mother Nature could throw at us. ♪ And it wasn't long until my balloon protection system was put to the test as my branch-blocking team raced into position to guide Heath through a narrow clearing... You're good to go. And all we could do now was pray. ♪ The system worked flawlessly, and for the rest of the trail, tree after tree, my team was able to keep the delicate balloons intact, making the ride a success. ♪ And as the evening fog rolled in over the Malibu Hills, I couldn't help but feel like it might just be the white breath of God, opening his mouth to say, "Nice work." So I met up with Joy to congratulate her on making history. It's a big moment, right? I guess, yeah. Because of you, overweight people all over the world can now ride horseys. I mean, this is how you'll be remembered when you die. I'm not sure about that one, but I hope I'm remembered for the World Championships that I won, to be honest with you, not for doing these balloons. You should be proud of this achievement, Joy. I am extremely proud of this achievement. This is a good thing to be remembered by. Well, you know, there are a lot of things that... and my... that I... that I hope to be known for, especially horses and maybe, you know, for my dogs, and, you know, I did photography too, and... No offense, I don't think anyone's gonna remember you for that. Hard to say. [chuckles] Well, a legacy isn't always something you get to choose, and I truly believe that this, and only this, will be your legacy. And there is nothing more to discuss about it. If you're a regular viewer of the show, you've probably noticed that I have a keen sense of style that's both professional and approachable. But I recently discovered that by wearing one of my signature articles of clothing, I may have unintentionally committed a hate crime against the Jewish people. And that's not good. My favorite jacket for the last decade has been a windbreaker made by Taiga, a popular outerwear company based out of my hometown of Vancouver, BC. I love the jacket so much that I've worn it in nearly every episode of my show, so you can imagine my horror when I recently discovered that Taiga had published a tribute to notorious Holocaust denier Doug Collins in their winter catalog amongst a selection of fleece socks and balaclavas. When asked for comment by a Jewish newspaper, the company refused to explain their actions. My dad, who is also a longtime fan of the German-engineered windbreaker, was actually shamed by a member of his synagogue for wearing the coat. I think he wanted me to rip the Taiga label off. He was really quite incensed. And he had strong feelings about me wearing it on TV. I don't think you should promote a business that's anti-Semitic. It was clear I could never wear my Taiga jacket again, but in searching for a replacement, I realized I couldn't be sure any of these other brands weren't hiding dark secrets as well, so I decided the only way to be safe was to start a jacket company of my own. So, after coming up with a cool name, Summit Ice, I had a custom softshell jacket designed to my specifications. To undo the damage I'd done, I needed my brand to stand for something, so I created a website to help launch Summit Ice as the first outdoor apparel company to openly promote the true story of the Holocaust. It was important to me that every single person involved in the brand, down to the model I hired for product shots, shared in the company's core beliefs. 6 million Jews died in the Holocaust, approximately. Okay. So how many Jews died, then, in the Holocaust? 6 million. Okay. Great. Cool. Let's sell some jackets. Okay. With a team free of Holocaust deniers and professional photos that made the jacket look really cool, I had nearly everything I needed to begin marketing my softshell jackets to the world. But for this brand to have credibility, I'd need the support of a Jewish leader. So I arranged a meeting with L.A.-based rabbi Shalom Denbo and showed him my business plan and marketing materials to get his guidance on how to convey the core values of Summit Ice. See, "deny nothing," okay, you're not focusing on something specific. "Deny nothing" is too ambiguous? Yeah, you probably want to have some image that immediately focuses the viewer on, "There's something more than just a jacket." Perhaps an image that immediately identifies with the Holocaust. An armband. Right. A swastika. They should see images of that? Yeah, the ovens, the... the gas chambers, the pits where they lined them up to shoot them before the gas chambers. But we're trying to sell jackets too, right? Yeah. You need to see images to know, you can't go through life with your head in the sand. These things are real. They happen. Rabbi Denbo suggested having some sort of physical retail display that could include educational materials for consumers, so I reached out to a local outdoor store whose manager seemed interested in carrying our brand. Just so you know, uh, our company's a strong supporter of, uh, Holocaust awareness education. Oh, neat, I didn't know that. That's cool. Just wanted to make sure it's something you're comfortable with, cool with. Oh, for sure, yeah. All right. Cool. Yeah. Absolutely. With the manager intrigued, we set up a time for him to see our display later that week. So we'll check back with this in a bit. But first: Susan Kim is the owner of Elizabeth Albert, a boutique that sells some of the top women's fashions on the Burbank strip. But lately, she's noticed that sales have taken a dip. People are buying less, or they're really tightening their belt. It could be because, in a neighborhood populated largely by young couples, Susan was forgetting all about the men. So I paid her a visit with a way to keep couples happy in her store. To be honest with you, as a guy, this store is pretty boring. 'Cause it's a women's store. Exactly. Yeah. So, if I came in here with my girlfriend, hypothetically speaking... Mm-hmm. I don't have a... have a girlfriend... um, but... you know, I think I'd be nagging her to leave. 'Cause men don't like to spend time in a women's clothing store anyway. Until now. You see, when a guy has nothing to do, the woman he's with feels a psychological pressure to leave, which will often keep her from staying longer and buying more stuff. A dedicated Man Zone where guys can chill and relax while the women shop. That's... sure, that makes sense. I mean, trust me, I know guys. All we need is a beer in our hand and a bro by our side, and we are out of the way. I never... I've, in fact, never heard any guy saying that. "If I had a brew and a bro, I'm fine." I totally hear you, but leave it to me for the guy stuff. Trust me. Okay. Susan was on board, and we decided that her back storage area would be the perfect spot for the new Man Zone. So the next day, I had my team bring in all the essentials to make this room the ultimate hangout den for guys. And once everything was in its place, all we had to do was wait for the first couple to come in to see if my Man Zone would work. Just so you guys know, Elizabeth Albert has a dedicated Man Zone, so that means while the lady shops, you have a place you can hang out that's both comfortable and geared towards your masculine needs. [both laugh] So, if you wanna come hang out there and let... give her time to shop... You want? It's up to you. You do that, okay? Yeah. Don't leave this, uh, bro hangin', dawg. You know what I mean? Yeah. Great, and we'll be having fun in there, so take as much time as you need. All right, thank you. Yeah, no problem. I knew it wouldn't be too much of a challenge to lure guys into the Zone, and once they saw it had everything a guy could want, I was hopeful they wouldn't want to leave. Free at last, free at last, huh? I mean, do you feel free? Yeah. Things were off to a good start. The guy's girlfriend was leisurely shopping, while back in the Zone... You know what I feel like? A mother-effin' beer. It was just boys being boys... Nice catch. Just two dudes doing what guys do best... Crack that sh1t. Hanging out, grabbing a brewski, and watching royalty-free football. Oh, yeah. Tampa Bay Bandits versus Houston Gamblers. Enjoy. Big tackle coming. There we go. I thought he was having a good time, but then, something bad happened. I'ma go. I'ma head out. Okay. The guy decided to leave the Zone and go back to his girlfriend after only four minutes. And even worse, moments later, they left the shop entirely. This was not what I had promised Susan. I worried that if I lost another guy that quickly, there would be no winning her back. So when the next couple came in, I had to somehow figure out a way to keep the guy chilling for longer, or else my Man Zone didn't stand a chance. You know what I feel like? Oh, yeah? A mother-effin' beer. Oop. Sorry. Just meant to do a little move. Okay. Oh, cool. There you go, man. I appreciate it, bro. Enjoy. So far, things were working out with my second guy... That's not good. Gotta let it set. As he was relaxed and enjoying his beer. But when I put on football again, for some reason, this guy wasn't into it either. Great touchdown celebration coming up. Love that celebration. Just a few minutes in, I could tell I was losing him quick. And with his girlfriend just starting to shop, I desperately needed to turn things around. But that's when I realized I hadn't yet bro'd down about the one thing that's on every guy's mind. You know what I like more than anything? What? s*x. Se... oh, yeah. Hell yeah, man. You can never get too much s*x, man. Yeah, exactly. Never too much s*x, bro. Oh, yeah. Definitely, definitely. Oh, yeah. Mm-hmm. What's your favorite, uh, posish? From the back. Hmm? From the back, yeah. From behind, yeah. Oh, nice. Straight damage, bro. Mine's missionary. Missionary? Yeah. Yeah. Guy on top, girl on the bottom. There you go. Nothing's wrong with that, man. Nothing's wrong with that. The s*x talk was working, and the guy was loving every minute of it. Bareback or use a condom? Oh, bareback, man. I love the feeling. Only way. All the way, bro. Only way. Only way. It feels much... so much better without a condom, you know what I mean? Aw, hell, definitely, dude. It's like so much stuff these days, it's like, "Oh, you gotta use protection," all this stuff. Absolutely, absolutely. But, like, whatever. You pull out, you're fine, right? Absolute... as long as you pull out, man. As long as you pull out. That's the key. Gotta pull out. Have to pull out, bro. You have to. Sometimes I get close. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah, like, "Whoo!" Almost got me right there! Sometimes I get real close! [both laugh] Yeah! Exactly, bro. Yeah. I did it. As long as we were talking about s*x, this guy wasn't going anywhere, and best of all, his girlfriend had time to browse every section of the store without interruption. From behind, that's... that's pretty much... I just like to see everything, man, you know. You can't... can't go wrong with that. The guy stayed in the Man Zone for a full 17 minutes before leaving, and victory had never tasted so sweet. Drinking a beer. Yeah! And even though women may never really understand what guys need... Why are you drinking beer? Well, that's what guys do when they're alone. I don't care what they do when they're alone. She left because he was in there drinking beer. The only thing that really mattered is that Elizabeth Albert now had a place where guys could be themselves. There have been times in my life when I was able to ejaculate in another position, but especially as I've gotten older and fatter, it's pretty much the only position that works for me. That makes sense. The day had finally arrived to pitch Summit Ice to the manager of Adventure 16, so I had my team come in early to set up an impressive display under the supervision of Rabbi Denbo. I was a little hesitant about some of the design elements, but it was crucial that I follow the rabbi's guidance for such a sensitive subject matter. And the mannequins kinda stationed so that they are the bookends. Right. And before long, he felt like it was ready to be unveiled. Definitely makes a statement. Yeah, definitely. Definitely makes a statement. Okay, I mean, I'm... I want to follow your lead on this. Yeah, my only thing is just that that creates just a level of uncomfort within me, and perhaps that's a good thing. So with the rabbi's blessing, it was time to bring in Eric the manager to show him what Summit Ice was all about. Um... A little bit much for a... [sighs] I think that this mash-up of retail and history, it is a train wreck. I... I, um... Eric wasn't nearly as enthused as I had hoped, so I brought in Rabbi Denbo to help explain our intentions more clearly. Look, people go through life with their head in the sand. Nobody wants to stand up against evil. And you know what? People deny the Holocaust because they don't want to say that evil exists. And we need to let people know that. Oh, my God, this is so riddled with issues. You really think the Holocaust deniers are the big softshell buyers? The proceeds go to support Holocaust awareness education. This is a retail store, and you don't learn about the darkest moments of history in a retail store. I beg to differ. The Gap had a whole campaign to make people aware of breast cancer, so I don't think there's a problem in... It was actually AIDS. AIDS, sorry, thank you. The RED campaign. I have no faith in your competence in this business. I have no faith in your judgment whatsoever. The only thing I know about your judgment is that it's... doesn't exist. Well, I was... I was kinda taking his lead. Um... well... I'll let you get away with a certain amount of liberty in saying my lead, but the idea wasn't mine, Nathan. Well, not for the jacket... The idea was yours. But for the display. No... for the display. The display... I don't have a problem with the display. Our sales presentation didn't go well, and Eric said he wasn't interested in carrying my product. Find something else to do with your life, because you're not good at this, and you do not understand the dynamics of people's emotions and what offends them. It was a huge blow, and I began to wonder if my line of softshell jackets would ever take off. But at least I could be proud knowing that the people who matter to me most could now walk the streets of Vancouver with their heads held high. Summit Ice! What do you think, huh? I love everything about it. A lot of zippers. Zippers are very important to me. Yeah, 'cause all my change falls out, and, you know, I need stuff in there. Yeah, look at this, you can loosen the sleeves too, or... ♪ This is day one ♪ ♪ Turn the music on ♪ ♪ Hear the drummers drum ♪ ♪ Reach up good and high ♪ ♪ So alive ♪ ♪ This is day one, one, one ♪ ♪ This is day one, one, one ♪ Summit Ice. Deny nothing.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. This is Nathan For You. If you need to move to a different house, you might call City of Angels, an up-and-coming moving company that serves the L.A. area. But lately, owner David Sassounian has been finding it hard to stay profitable with the rising cost of labor in his industry. For us, our most expensive cost is our employees, for sure. But after spending some time watching David's movers, I realized there might be a simple solution to all of his problems. So I paid him a visit to see if I could help. Your movers are very in shape. Our guys are in shape, yeah. I mean, lifting all those boxes and furniture. That's a great way to get fit. Yeah, the guys are getting a great workout. They're always getting a great workout. And that's the idea. You see, the average gym member in America spends over $700 a year to perform physical labor that's very similar to the work that David's employees do. So if we can make a convincing argument that moving boxes and furniture is a better workout that going to the gym, David could tap into an endless supply of labor that would actually pay him for the opportunity to move stuff. People don't usually pay to work... for somebody else. I think you'll get a lot more people if they just think it's a workout, and we don't tell them that they're actually doing free labor. I mean, that's just my opinion as someone who knows a lot about marketing. I don't know. I don't know if I can convince people to do that. David was skeptical but agreed to give me a chance to prove that this would work. Launching a fitness craze, however, would be no easy task. I didn't know much about this stuff, but it seemed like every popular workout was based on a charismatic figure who's a living example of what the workout can do. I know I'm charismatic, and since the workout was my idea anyways, I thought it would be easiest if I just did it. But after reviewing the promotional images I took, I realized I just didn't have the body to be a convincing fitness authority. So I sent my producers to a local fitness convention, and they found a professional bodybuilder who seemed interested in being a spokesperson. So later that week, I brought him to my office to see if he could impress me enough to get the job. I'm older, but watch me. Look at me. I can outperform you. I can... you know, I look just as good as you do. I see this as an opportunity really for me to teach. Jack said all the right things, but what I really cared about was his body. Yeah, you've got... seems like you've got a good bod. Thank you. Yeah. Jack got the job. And because his role as spokesman would be so crucial, I prepared an extensive contract for him to sign. In the event of your death, we have the rights to your name, likeness. Sure, sure. DNA as well. Okay. Is that... are you comfortable with that? Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's fine. With Jack on board, I walked him through my concept for a new workout called The Movement that would consist entirely of moving boxes and furniture from one location to another. My plan was to position Jack as the guru behind this workout in the hopes I could convince people he got his amazing physique solely from lifting household items. Let's see some attitude. Beautiful. And to really sell this idea, I hired an obese look-alike to pose as Jack before he lost the weight. Now that The Movement had its figurehead, I wanted to legitimize Jack with his own book. So to get the job done quickly, I contacted a ghostwriter who advertised his services on Craigslist and invited him to my office to see if he was right for the task. What I'm looking for is someone who knows a lot about fitness. Okay. Is that you? Yes. You know, for my own due diligence, I need to know you're a good writer before hiring you, obviously. Yeah. So can you come up with an original sentence right now and tell it to me? Um... Okay. Um, the candles flickered, the sheets were still, but all the energy in the room surrounded Roman and Kenzie. Kenzie stepped forth and... gently touched Roman's arm. He suddenly felt weak in his legs and trembled and fell as if his Achilles heel had been struck by a blade, but all it was was simply a woman's touch. Wow. That was a good sentence. Thank you. Obviously this book would be more fitness, but... Yeah. Austin seemed like a pretty good fit for the project, so I gave him as much information as I could about the workout and its founder, Jack. What did he do when he was younger? As a child? Yeah. Some things I don't know, and you're just gonna have to fill in the blanks yourself. Okay. Yeah. All right then. With Austin off to write the book, I had a cover designed, highlighting the fact that Jack got his body only from moving boxes and furniture and that he'd never been to a gym in his life. The problem was, in reality, Jack goes to the gym religiously. I'm in the gym six to seven days a week. With The Movement about to go public, I couldn't risk Jack being seen at a gym, or else we'd be exposed as a fraud. So I set up a private workout space so he could maintain his body in secret. So you think this will work to maintain those muscles? If this is, you know, what I have to do, uh, I can... I'll make it work. All right, well, you gonna have a workout or... Sure. All right, uh... Have fun. I felt confident moving forward now that our secret was safe, and I was thankful that Jack was so committed to The Movement. And a couple days later, Austin returned with the completed book. Steve Jobs? Yeah. I was one of his childhood friends. Oh, okay. Austin had taken a few liberties with Jack's life story, but for my purposes it would work. So I rushed published a bunch of copies and mailed them to media outlets throughout the state in the hopes I'd get some interest. And as luck would have it, we soon got the big break we needed. So I have some exciting news. Okay. One of the most popular morning news shows in the state wants you to talk about The Movement live on air tomorrow morning. Oh. Okay. Wow. How do you feel? I felt, uh... I felt like a... I felt a rush go right by me. I mean, that is phenomenal. Just so you know too. I gave them this book... Okay. That I had ghostwritten about your life. Mm-kay. Obviously the author didn't know anything about you. Right. So he kinda made some stuff up. Okay. It seems like a big part of it is how you were childhood friends with Steve Jobs. So... do you know Steve Jobs? Steve Jobs, yes. Uh, he... he's the Microsoft... Apple. Apple, right. Yeah. Yeah. So anyways, yeah, you might want to read it over to get a sense of what your life is like before tomorrow. Okay, okay. In the later chapters, it actually says you spend a lot of time volunteering with jungle children. I don't know what that is, but you might want to bring it up, because audiences love someone who gives back and is charitable. Okay, I'll be able to... I'll tell them, you know, what they wanna hear. Male announcer: You're watching San Diego 6 News In the Morning. Welcome back. We are in spring, but we're always looking ahead to summer. And if you're looking to lose a couple of pounds, we have a free way to do it with things that are already in your home, and we have proof that it works. We're gonna introduce you to someone. Come in here and look at this before picture. This is Jack Garbarino before... This was Jack about a hundred pounds ago. Now let's have you the grand reveal. The big reveal. This is Jack now. Hello. How great do you look now, Jack? I look great, I feel great. I feel a renewed person. I'm lean and mean, and I'm a fighting machine. Nathan: The news appearance couldn't have gone better. And over the next couple weeks, Jack made appearances on morning shows throughout the region. Our next guest lost more than one hundred pounds and never stepped foot in a gym. Can you lose a hundred pounds just by moving boxes and furniture? One guy says it's possible. Look at this man, he lost over a hundred pounds, and now he's sharing his fitness tips with all of us. Jack... Good to be here. You're a story of inspiration. Yes, um... Yeah, that was me. I mean, you can see that I was a fat tub of lard. [Laughs] And, uh... 'Cause you can say it. I can't. And you also came across Steve Jobs. Yes. How did you meet him? Well, I grew up with him as a child. No kidding. He was my best friend as a child. Were you able to keep that friendship with Steve Jobs so he could see what you were motivated to eventually become? You know, he never saw me really at this fit. We kept in touch, but... That's it, simple as this. I do work, charity work... Okay. With jungle children. Jungle child is what? Yeah, jungle children are children that live in the jungle. A while ago I was working with a jungle child. His name was Dendy. He was a great inspiration for me. And unfortunately, tragically he died when baboons kidnapped and ate him. It was actually one of the worst days of my life. Where is this? Nathan: Jack turned out to be an extremely compelling spokesman, and he was really hitting our message home. In my opinion, gym stands for "giving your money away." Never been to a gym in my life. Never stepped foot in the gym in my entire life. I got this body by simply just moving boxes and furniture. If I could do it, anybody else could do it. Sign up and you can see what we're doing to help people around the country. Good work. You look amazing. Thank you very much. Yeah. And before long, the movement inbox was flooded with requests from people wanting to try the workout. So I returned to City of Angels and convinced David to let us do our first workout on one of his upcoming moving jobs. With an opportunity to finally prove my concept, I was excited, but that's when I made a troubling discovery. When I stopped by the storage unit, I noticed that none of the water we had left for Jack had been touched. At first, I thought he might just be bringing his own water, but when I had the clerk check the gate access records, I realized he might not have been going to his private gym at all. I don't see any... any report that shows it was accessed. This wasn't good. I have major trust issues stemming from a non-sexual incident that happened when I was a child, so I didn't know if I was just being paranoid. But if Jack was still going to his old gym after saying otherwise to an audience of millions, the credibility of our entire workout would be shattered. Never stepped foot in a gym in my entire life. Nathan: I couldn't risk letting this guy destroy everything I had created, so I paid a visit to a private investigator I'd worked with in the past to help me find out if Jack was honoring our agreement. I want you to help me keep tabs on a fitness model that I'm working with. Okay. Male or female? Male. Male, okay. I wanted to stay on task, but the conversation got sidetracked as Brian started bragging that he too was a model, who had appeared in a couple of magazines in the '80s. And then all of a sudden, it just went from that magazine to that magazine and... What magazine? It was "Penthouse Magazine." Oh, "Penthouse," sorry. Yeah, years ago. Years, years, years ago. "Penthouse" is p0rn. It's not. Only time is when he's taking photos of you. You know, you're with a gorgeous woman. So you're fully nude in it? Nah, can't really see much. But you're penetrating? Penetrating, you can't see. That's p0rn, right? No, it's not. Not even close to being p0rn, no. All it is, is just being a male model and taking photographs of you with another woman, very tasteful, very professional, nothing. But your... your pen1s was erect. Yeah, of course it was. When you got a nice-looking girl... And you're naked. And you're naked, yeah. But what do you call that? What do you mean, what do you call that? That type of modeling. Um... entertainment. You know, adult entertainment modeling. Okay. Once Brian was finished bragging, I filled him in on my suspicions about Jack. He says he works out every day, so if he's going... Obviously he has to work out to get that kind of body. Brian agreed that something wasn't adding up and recommending a covert surveillance. So early the next morning, he picked me up in a Best Buy parking lot. Let's do it. And we headed to the neighborhood where Jack lives, parking just down the street from his home. We just sit here and wait. That's what we do. After two hours of waiting, Jack still hadn't emerged, but I was determined to stick this out as long as it takes. That's a woman. Yep. It's not p0rn. "Penthouse"? No, it's not p0rn. I think it is p0rn. p0rn is when you're having intercourse or fellatio, one of the two. But you were with a woman. Yes. And so that means you did p0rn. No penetration. I just wish I waited a little bit longer till the kids got a little bit older. Why? 'Cause divorce is... 'cause the kids were young and they were... One was out of high school and going to college, and the other two were in high school. I just wish that the little one was out of high school. Some people, you know, don't want to wait it out, 'cause they figure, you know, they're wasting five years of their own life. "I need to get out." We do too much for our children. After five hours of waiting, I was about ready to give up, but then Jack finally emerged. That's him. Brian: Let's go. Put your glasses on. Okay, let's do it. We're on a code five right now. It's called a code five, mobile surveillance. [Exciting music] There he is. Right turn. I see him. Good job. Lone Hill Ave. Nathan: After making a quick stop at a drug store, I was hopeful he would just be heading back home, but unfortunately, Jack had something else in mind. This is where he's going. Wait, wait, wait. Brian: Crunch Fitness. Nathan: This wasn't good. Clearly Jack wasn't taking our business arrangement as seriously as I had hoped. The guy lied to you. He has no respect for you. None. Nathan: I was shocked to discover that Jack had been going to his regular gym behind my back. This had to be dealt with quick. So the next day, I had him meet me at the storage locker to confront him about what I saw. So, uh, how's our secret gym been working out for you? It's working out okay, yeah. It gets a little hot in there. Gotta get the workout and come out... you know, come out nice and drenched. Mm-hmm. Look, Jack, I know you haven't been coming here. I know you're still going to your regular gym. Mm-hmm, mm-kay. Is that true? Yes. With his back against the wall, Jack admitted that the storage unit didn't work for him. I... I can't get a good full workout in this... this gym. Fortunately, I had come prepared with a compromise that would allow him to work out at any gym he wanted. The way I see it, the only way you can go to your gym is in disguise. Okay. So do you think this is something that can work for you? Yes, I'll... I can put it to work. Everybody was happy. And after telling Jack that I'd be secretly watching him for the next six months, I could now be confident that he'd stick with the plan, and our secret would be safe. Thank you. With Jack back in line, I reached out to our list of eager Movement participants and booked three of them for what I described as a free workout intensive. But in reality, these people were showing up for the real moving job I had scheduled with David. Hey, everyone. So I'm gonna start by asking y'all a question. Are you guy ready to change your life with The Movement workout? Yeah. And what better way to pump them up than with an inspirational speech from Jack? I lost over a hundred pounds just by moving boxes and furniture. If I could do it, you could do it. Now let's get started and let's start moving. Great. That was good, that was good. Thank you, Jack. Thank you, thank you. You're truly an inspiration to us all. Pleasure, thank you. All right. Now that Jack had inspired and energized the group, I handed each of them their matching team workout wear and headed to the client's home to have him fill out the necessary paperwork. Now it was finally time to see if these three strangers would complete an entire moving job for free. What you'll be getting today is a full-body workout. So in this house, I've prepared a bunch of furniture and boxes for you to move into this truck. Got it? Are we timed on this? Is there a certain time limitation? The goal is to move as fast as you can, because we want a cardio workout too. Mm, okay. And with that, they began. Whoa, there's a lot of stuff. Nice. To be honest, I had my doubts going into this, but not only were they efficiently moving the client's stuff, to my surprise, the group actually seemed to be enjoying their workout. I mean, I've helped friends move before, but I never thought of it as a workout. So if you go like this, you'll get a bicep workout if you do curls. Right, right. Do you feel that here? Yeah, I do. Yeah. It became clear they had all bought into the dream that Jack was selling. And after only 2 1/2 hours, the truck was all loaded up. It was a bit of a challenge to explain why we needed to go to a second house to unload. We're halfway there, but this next part is the most crucial part because your muscles are training during exhaustion. But it seemed like their faith in Jack's workout gave them the will to keep going. There she goes. It took five full hours to complete the move, but these people did it without ever thinking it was actual labor. And with everything unloaded from the truck, I congratulated my team on finishing their first workout and sent them off. Nathan: The moving job was complete, and even though the homeowner had a few minor complaints... The way they handled the boxes and stuff, I said, they're not professional. Well, I appreciate that feedback. I think that's really smart. He eventually agreed to sign off on the job. I'm not trying to give you a hard time. No, it's okay. Everyone has a different personality. And that meant my concept was a success. So the next day, I returned to David to introduce him to the only employee he'll ever need. This is Jack Garbarino. Hey, Jack. I'm David. Hi, pleasure to meet you. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. And it's his hard work and dedication that really made this workout happen. Okay. So anytime you need new movers... Okay. Jack can go on the news, lie to everyone in America, and you'll get a fresh batch of people ready to move houses for free. That's great. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, ready to roll. All right, well, I'll leave you two to take it from here. Thank you. All right. Yeah, so, um, you're my new boss. So my job is to be out there to promote. I can do news broadcasts and be out in the public. I can do, you know, seminars or, uh... You know, I know Steve Jobs. He, you know, he passed away, founder of Apple. I was happy that David now had the free labor he'd always wanted. And knowing that Jack was holding up his end of the bargain, I could be sure that The Movement's future was secure. But there was still one more thing that I had to take care of. I just pulled up the dictionary definition of pornography. "Printed or visual material containing the explicit description or display of sexual organs or activity." You just Googled this, right? Yeah, that's the dictionary definition. "Printed or visual..." Okay, it was printed, for sure. No wonder why my parents were [bleep] so mad at me. [Chuckles] Hmm. [Blows] "I have never been to a gym in my life." I have never been to a gym before. "Never in my life." Never in my life. "I haven't even walked in the door to look around." I haven't even walked in the door to look around.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. This is "Nathan for You." Niky's Sports is a growing retail soccer chain in Los Angeles, California, and although owner Niky Orellana has high hopes of becoming a household name, the high cost of advertising has been holding him back. I used to pay, like, $7,000 for a full-page ad. But fortunately for Niky, I had an innovative idea to gain exposure for his brand without breaking the bank. Hi, Niky? Yes, sir. Hey, Nathan. How you doing? Hey, good. How are you? All right. Thanks for having me. No problem. Um, how's business going? All right. The best way to advertise a sporting goods store is to get the endorsement of a professional athlete. The problem is, landing a deal like that can cost millions. But if Niky's were to sign cheap, long-term contracts with a number of children that showed potential, all it would take is for one kid to turn pro for the investment to pay off big-time. The plan: secure endorsements with the soccer stars of tomorrow by investing in kids while they're still cheap. Well, if it's a possibility, why not? The only thing is, if you do this, it won't pay off for another 10 to 15 years' time. Mm-hmm. So I guess I should ask, you know, do you think you'll be around then? Is your health okay and everything? I'm okay at the moment. You know, I just wouldn't want to do all this work if it's-- you know, you're gonna be dead or something. Well, you never know. Okay. It's probably worth doing then. Yeah. Roll the dice on that. [whispering] I guess. Niky was in, so over the next couple weeks, I went to watch several of the best-ranked youth teams in the area, taking note of their top players. Some of these kids suck, huh? What's that? Some of these kids suck. Oh, yeah. And after each game, I would wait in the parking lot to talk to their parents. Your kid was really good. Oh, thank you. Yeah, you were really good. What's your name? Josh. Josh, hey, nice to meet you. Nathan. I told them I was scouting young athletes for an endorsement deal, and his mom seemed interested, so I asked permission to take all his physical measurements which I would then use to make my final decision. [photo snap] Great. Over the course of several days, I gathered information on as many of the top kids as I could, and even though some parents had doubts about their kids' potential... Because he's--okay. Yeah. I was still able to get extensive data on 40 promising young athletes from in and around the City of Angels. But before making offers, I wanted to figure out which of these kids were most likely to develop the athletic physique needed to play soccer professionally, so I met with Cornelius Ladd, an age progression specialist I found on Craigslist, who said he could accurately predict what these kids would look like when they were all grown up. I don't know much about age progression. Is this kind of a science then? Yes, police use this technology all the time... Okay. For missing children's cases, and children have actually been found by the police based on renderings of artists like myself. Wow. I mean, I have a really good eye for what could possibly be, as far as what a person could look like. Cornelius seemed perfect for the job, so I gave him a jump drive containing all the photos of my top picks, and later that week, I returned to see the results. All right, so... this is him? Yes. Um, what age is this at? This child, I believe, is 8, and I age-progressed him to around 22, and there's quite a bit of progression in this picture where you take this young child who has no facial hair, and I added facial hair. His face is spread out more. His hair is completely gone because of a choice, and you know, a lot of people wear bald today. It's a "in" thing. How sure are you this is what his body is gonna look like? I would say his body's about 90%. At a constant progression, his body would look like that, 90%. 90% chance? Yeah. Okay. Okay. You want to go to the next one? Next one? Yeah. Okay, sure. So in this picture, I think he would grow to be a very attractive young man, and I tried to show that in the picture and also to keep his ethnicity the same, you know. You're pretty sure this is how he'll look? Yes, definitely. Again, you can use this in a court of law. You're sure? 'Cause there's a lot of money riding on this. I'm 90% sure. Okay. Um, what-- Let's go to the next one. Next one? Next one. Okay. Why is she playing with her hair like that? 'Cause it's cute. [laughs] Okay. >> In her, I'm projecting my own little imagination, but I project that she's having fun. So it's science, but then you add your own kind of opinions, or-- Right, you have to have a vision when you start the project. Ultimately, what you end up with is science and vision. So this is a combination of both? Right, it's a combination of science and vision. Okay. Um... This is a boy. No. This, yeah. Okay, so... I made this a girl. Okay? I thought this was a girl. Okay. I-I-It's a boy. Okay. I believe, yeah. Well, the good news about that is-- or the funny news is that I could take a girl or boy and make it into a girl. I'm just more concerned with accuracy. Yeah, I'll make him a man on the next version. Okay. Um-- I wasn't sure about some of Cornelius' choices, but still, I felt like I had enough information to start making offers, so later that week, I began meeting with the parents of my top picks to negotiate an endorsement deal that would go into effect if their kids went pro. We think $250 is very fair because of the age of your child, and we expect, you know, a low price because we are buying while he still, you know, sucks. Hmm. Okay. I mean, no one else is offering you deals, right? Right. [clears throat] All right. The majority of parents agreed to sign our contract, which would allow Niky's to use their kids as future brand ambassadors if they became star athletes, but I was most excited about landing a deal with my top prospect, Sasha. His skills on the field far exceeded any of the other players, and I felt like he was our best shot at playing in the big leagues and becoming a star, so once I finished up with his dad, I sat down with him to make sure he stayed on track. We're really excited to be in business with you. I see a lot of potential. What does potential mean? But as we were chatting about his future, Sasha said something that blindsided me. When I grow up, I want to become an astronaut. Really? Yeah. I mean, Sasha, you know, you can do what you want, but, you know, your talent really is on the field. But I think when I'm older enough like you, maybe I could go to the moon. I was deeply concerned. If Sasha chose to pursue his dream of working in the space program, it would be a huge setback for Niky's endorsement portfolio. I had to find a way to keep him on track, so later that week, I arranged for who I said was a real astronaut to pay a visit to Sasha's home, but in reality, this astronaut was my old pal James Bailey, who I knew had a special skill for nudging children in the right direction. I have a special surprise for you today. Okay. How would you like to meet a real-life astronaut? A real one? Yeah. So I brought in James to help Sasha learn a bit more about life in space. My whole life has just been a nightmare. It's a terrible experience. You know, most of my friends have died in space or gone insane from the unimaginable loneliness of being there. Yeah? Yeah. My wife and my kids, they died in space. It was an accident. But I thought kids can't go to space. Yeah, I smuggled 'em on against the rules. Oh. As James went on, I could tell Sasha was getting a better understanding of the dangers of space travel. Some restaurants, they won't even serve me because I used to be an astronaut. Really? That's like a brown person. If you were a brown person a long time ago, what happened, like, you couldn't go to a restaurant. Is that how it feels? Yeah, that's kind of how it is. It's that kind of discrimination that happens. Really? Yeah, you know, I really just wish I had decided to be a soccer player instead of an astronaut. Oh? Yeah, it's too late for me now. I'll probably die on my next mission anyways. Really? When is it, in two years? Yes, sure, two years from now. After James was done talking to Sasha, I came back in to see how it went. Wow, that was cool, huh? Yeah, it was amazing. You got to talk to a real astronaut. Yeah. So what did you learn? He said that his family died in space because he didn't follow the rules, and he took his kid. Mm. And he told me that once, a alien tried to-- to pull him into the sun. Oh, okay. So do you still want to be an astronaut? Well, a little, not really, not as much. What do you think you're gonna do instead? Play soccer. Well, if that's your choice, then that's your choice. Yeah. I did it, and with Sasha back on track, I could finally return to Niky's with the solid portfolio of kids I needed to give him the best shot at becoming a national brand. I mean, some of them are definitely gonna flame out, but all you really need is one to go pro for this to pay off big-time, so I think your odds are pretty good. Oh. Yes. Good. One thing I like to do is follow up with the businesses I work with, you know, once the idea's done, to find out if it was actually successful. Mm-hmm. What did you just do? Nothing. Oh, okay. Just looking at your phone? Okay, that's okay. Okay. Thanks so much and take care. Good luck. [upbeat music] ♪ Emily Yep has been operating her antique shop, Magnolia and Willow, in the Long Beach area, for over five years, but lately, she's been finding it tough to get customers in the door. It does get hard when it's really slow. I mean, it always feels like it's the end of the world. But after surveying the neighborhood, I realized that Emily might not be taking full advantage of her surroundings, so I paid her a visit with a way to help. I noticed there are a lot of bars and nightclubs in the area. Yeah. Is that something you like? Um, it's a little hard. Sometimes we have some problems with over-serving and that kind of thing, but most of the time, we're closed by 6:00, so it doesn't affect us as much. But maybe it should. You see, Magnolia and Willow has a strict "you break it, you buy it" policy, meaning that if an item breaks, it's as good as a sale, so if, instead of closing at 6:00 p.m., Emily extended her hours to be open straight through the night, her chances of inebriated customers generating new sales would greatly increase. The plan: attract late-night drunks by staying open 24 hours a day. Well, possibly, I guess, yeah. I mean, I would-- I guess so, yeah. I mean, the way I see it, if you get the right drunk in here... Yeah. You could make more in a single night than you do all month. I just wouldn't prefer a broken item. I'd rather sell a good one, but yeah, I mean, it would be the same thing, no matter what happens, so. I mean, a lot of this stuff is--probably the only way you're gonna get anything for it is if someone breaks it. Well, some of the items, but yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Emily agreed to try out my idea to see if it got the results I had promised, so the next day, I returned to the store and officially changed the hours. Then to help our cause, I had the aisles narrowed slightly and moved some of her poorer-selling items to an area of the store that would increase the likelihood of accidental contact. So that evening, once the sun went down, it was time to see if the new extended hours would work. But knowing that tonight's sales would determine if Emily kept using my idea, I wanted to guarantee we had some results, so I headed to a nearby bar with a plan to befriend a drunk patron and lead them back to the store. Do you know the antique shop next door? Oh, yeah, yeah. They're open 24 hours now. Yeah. Okay, well... After a few unsuccessful attempts to connect with the locals... - I finally found someone who was willing to chat. What's your favorite movie? "Inception." "Inception," really? Yeah. Have you seen that? Why? Why is it your favorite movie? What's yours? "Forrest Gump." He told me his name was JJ, and he seemed like my best shot at getting a big sale for Emily, but for this to work, I needed to get him drunk while staying sober enough myself to execute the plan, so prior to my arrival, I had a vacuum-powered device sewn into the lining of my jacket that was designed to discreetly suck up the alcohol I was served through a tube, into a pouch on my back. Then a second motor would deliver apple juice from a different pouch, quickly refilling the glass and allowing me to go shot-for-shot with JJ without losing my focus one bit. Cheers. Over the course of the next hour, we had several rounds, and I noticed that JJ was getting pretty tipsy. My roommates put this piece of paper in my pocket. Like, "Just in case you get too drunk and get lost tonight." That's your address? [laughs] Yeah. They put a piece of paper with your address in your pocket? So you get drunk often. Oh, yeah. Really drunk. Every night. And I felt that we were finally ready to head out. I explained to him that the cameras were there for a documentary about nightlife in Long Beach, but in reality, my only goal was to get him inside the antique shop. There was just one more step I had to take to get him ready. There's this costume party in the area that-- A costume party? Yeah. Let's go. You want to go? Yeah. Safety is always my number one priority, so I came up with the idea of a costume party as a way to get JJ into a padded outfit that would protect him against any antiques he might shatter once he stumbled into Emily's store. Cool--oh. Oh, sh1t. Ow, [bleep]! And with that, we headed out to my made-up party. I just hoped I could convince him to make a stop along the way. Oh, sweet, look. Open 24 hours. What is it? Looks like some sort of store, but look. Free p-- Free pizza. Do you see it? It's right back there. It's right there at the back by a heat lamp. Let's go. All right. You're coming with me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. [doorbell ringing] [groans] Ooh. [dishes clattering] Uh-- You okay, man? I'm all right right now. All right. You better be careful. It's all right. Watch your back. There's no way. Should-- I can't even fit through that. It's too tight. Well, what do you--I mean, do you want the pizza or what? I'm kind of wedged here. You broke this stuff. Right, I see that, and that's why I'm, like, eh, I don't really want to break anymore 'cause it's [bleep] super expensive. You have a "you break it, you buy it" policy? Yeah. The plan was a success. JJ had destroyed a large selection of antiques, and once he freed himself from the aisle, all Emily had to do was catalogue the broken items... You're pretty clumsy, huh? Is there any way I can take this thing off? And ring up the sale. It's about $280 worth of damage, and that's probably getting off easy 'cause I couldn't really assess all of that broken-- Right. [laughs] Boo. So with that, Emily got to make a sizable sale. Well, lesson learned, huh? Right. Sorry. And JJ even got to take home some antiques. If you look at it this way, it looks like it's brand-new. Right. So... it's kind of a blessing in disguise. Right, right, right. I was so happy everything worked out, and Emily seemed really won over by the idea, but as we left the store, I noticed that JJ was still pretty drunk, and since he made such a big purchase, I felt the least I could do was be a gentleman and give him a ride home. Do you often do stuff like that without really thinking it through? Um, yeah. As we drove to JJ's apartment, I thought my night was over, but that's when he started talking to me about his s*x life. Tag team a girl, yeah. Tag team a girl? Yeah. Yeah, what's that? It's when you have a threesome with two guys and one girl. And you do that? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I do it with my brother a lot, actually. Oh, really? Me and my brother are dogs. JJ began going into detail about the threesomes he has with his brother, and that that point, I really just wanted to get home, but when I dropped him off, he insisted that I meet the guy, so I waited outside as JJ went in and brought out his brother. You guys have s*x with the same girl. Yeah. [both laughing] I told him about-- I told him about tag team. Yeah. I told him. So you guys are brothers? Mm-hmm. Yeah. And you guys, you'll have s*x with the same girl? Mm-hmm. sh1t, I'll be [bleep] a girl when he's [bleep] a girl right next to me. Two...even, like. And then you're looking at each other during it? No. It's dark in the room. Lights are off all the way, and you don't see sh1t. It's fine. But if you're not looking at each other, and you're having s*x with a girl, why not just one of you do it, and then the next one does it later? 'Cause it's something we do, it's [bleep]-- Right, it's just something we've done. I mean, all my homeboys from back in Ohio, they do it. Everybody does this sh1t, Max, [bleep] George. J-squad. Shout out to J-squad, you-- Shout out to that J-squad. J-squad. I mean, the one-- I do look at you guys, and a part of me is envious that, you know, I don't have someone in my life that is--I'm this close with. [snorts and spits] It's nice to see brotherly love taken to that level, in a way. Yeah, I definitely see where you're coming from. It's just-- And, like, you know-- To us, it's just, like-- it's nothing. It's just, like, that's what [bleep] we're used to. We're used to all this sh1t. Right. It's great meeting you. Yeah, yeah. All right, man. See you, guys. Yup. All right, buddy, yup. With a successful night under our belt, I could finally return to Magnolia and Willow to get Emily's thoughts on how it went. I mean, that's a pretty big sale, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely, it helps, yeah. So how'd you feel about that? That's-- It's good, yeah, and, you know, any time we're moving... Great, right? Any product, it's always beneficial to the store, so-- That was a lot of product. Yeah, I mean, it was good. It's just kind of awkward... Definitely. Having people that might be having a little too much to drink. It's a little harder to control in your store, that kind of thing. Well, a sale's a sale. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. All right. Yeah, thank you for all your help and your suggestions. This is all really great. Mm-hmm. Good experience to try it. Thank you. Yeah. Have a good day. Yeah, you-- no, you too. Thanks. [playful music] ♪ Thank you. [laughs] [blows air] If you're just glancing at that picture, you cannot tell that was done in Photoshop. You would think that was an actual picture. Yeah, yeah. I mean, if you saw this picture lying on a table somewhere, you wouldn't think that was done in Photoshop. You would just think, "Oh, all right..."
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. This is "Nathan for You." Life isn't easy for smokers these days as smoking bans throughout America have made the outdoors the only option for lighting up. But hit worst of all has been the bars. And proprietors like Ellen Sancer of the 1881 Club in Pasadena, California, claim that smoking restrictions have caused her profits to plummet. We lost a lot of our customers. Our business went down by half. As a smoker herself, she's not happy. So I paid Ellen a visit with a way she might be able to return to those profitable glory days. In my opinion, smokers shouldn't be treated like second-class citizens. Absolutely. If anything, they should be treated better than the rest of us because they're gonna die so young. Or at least as well as the rest of them. Right, so you think people should be allowed to smoke in here? Yeah. Well, I might have a way to make that happen. Okay. Right now, California state law prohibits smoking in a business unless it happens to be part of a theatrical production where smoking is integral to the plot. So if Ellen added a small audience section to her bar and then classified every patron as an actor in a free-form play, the 1881 Club would become the only drinking hole in town where people could legally smoke. That could be possible. I never thought about turning it around that way. Well, most theater is terrible. [laughs] I have seen a few bad ones, yeah. Yeah, so who's to say a bar filled with smokers can't be a boundary-pushing theatrical experience? Right. In the eyes of the law. It's an idea. It's definitely an idea. Ellen was thrilled at the prospect of bringing smokers back to her bar, so the next day, I had my team bring in a couple of theater seats to create a small audience section and then threw up a curtain to complete the theater experience. I also chose a title for the play, "Smokers Allowed" that would conveniently double to attract clientele, then put up a sign on the door informing patrons that by entering the bar, they're legally agreeing to be actors in a theatrical production. So when nighttime came, I headed to some other bars in the area to get word spreading about L.A.'s hottest new smoking destination. You got to smoke outside here, huh? Yeah, have you been to 1881 Club? They allow you to smoke there. Yeah, a loophole. Theater law. Yeah. My promotional efforts seemed to be working... All right, smokers unite. Because, within minutes, customers began arriving at the 1881 Club for a night of legal indoor smoking. As a final precaution, I had two women recruited from the theater district who were interested in seeing an exciting new play. So for two? For two. Okay, you're in luck. We have two front-row seats still available. Very cool. I knew an audience would be the final piece to legitimize my production in the eyes of the law. So with the women in their seats, it was time to begin the show. All right, welcome. Thank you so much for coming. So it took a lot of work to get this play off the ground. I don't want to say too much 'cause I don't want to spoil anything, but all I'll say is, I hope you enjoy this as much as we enjoyed making it. So without further ado, "Smokers Allowed." [indistinct chatter] My plan was working great. People could now smoke freely without the bar having to worry about any legal repercussions. And with the audience shoved away in the corner, hardly any customers seemed to notice they were there. Best of all, I had never seen Ellen look happier. So after an hour and 20 minutes when the bar crowd started to dwindle, I decided to close the curtain and say the play was over. All right, so that's it. Thank you so much for coming. I hope you enjoyed "Smokers Allowed." [applause] It was a successful evening, but then something happened that I never expected. The audience actually seemed to enjoy the play. Oh, man, they were awesome. Yeah, yeah, they were. They were awesome. It's so funny 'cause it's, like, so nothing in a way but incredibly profound. It reminded me of Sam Shepard. I didn't really know what to make of this. After all, these ladies could be total kooks. But if what happened in there somehow had genuine theatrical value, it could be a whole new source of revenue for the 1881 Club. So later that week, I arranged a meeting with the chair of the theater department at Glendale Community College to find out if I was actually onto something with my play, "Smokers Allowed." The guy by himself stands out to me because he looks lonely. The couple stands out to me because it tells a story that maybe they're in a new relationship... Uh-huh. And I think that curiosity is what makes me want to continue to watch. Do you think this has theatrical merit? Yeah, you know, this is "slice of life" theater, and for that aspect, I think it's important. Wow. I was amazed that Jeanette saw value in my play... It's reminiscent of playwrights like John Patrick Shanley. And even compared it to the work of who I assumed were famous playwrights. It was clear something happened that night that I couldn't ignore. So the next day, I returned to the 1881 Club to see if Ellen was interested in adjusting our approach. I don't know what it was, but people really responded to this thing. I didn't get to pay much attention. I was busy. [laughs] I mean, you can make good money having people smoke in here. Right. But you could make millions with a hit play. That's possible, yeah. I mean, at this point, it's hard to know if the play would actually be a success, but I think we'd be idiots not to give it a shot. Yeah, we should. I was happy to have Ellen on board with my new plan, but as I spent the next day going over the footage from that night, I was no closer to figuring out what made this play so interesting. That was until I noticed a few exciting moments that may have gripped the audience. At one table, there was a couple that shared a kiss, so I knew there was a romantic story line. There was also a moment where a man showed off his skateboard deck while, at the same time, a three-person selfie was happening at the bar, the perfect climactic action scene. I didn't see it before, but this night had all the ingredients of a hit play. So I figured the surest way to guarantee success would be to re-create every moment exactly as it happened. So I spent the afternoon compiling all the audio and video footage we had from that night and then hired a team of professional transcribers to write down every word that was spoken. It was a lengthy, multi-day process, so I tried to make sure their working environment was as comfortable as possible. Want some apple juice? No. Do you want some apple juice? I'm fine, thank you. Okay, sure. When the transcription was finally done, I had the dialogue compiled and converted into a script and then blew up images from our footage, so I could cast professional actors to play each role. But since it was crucial that they were able to embody the exact essence of the original person, I set up auditions with my top picks for later that week. But for Ellen's role, I thought it would be simplest if she could just play herself, so I paid her a visit to see if she was right for the part. So you're reading for the role of female bar owner. Okay. All right. Do you want to just slate with your name first? My name's Ellen. Okay, whenever you're ready. You did not just say that. Yes, he did. All right, here you go. Thank you. Excuse me, sweetheart. All right, great. Well, we'll be in touch. Okay, great. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. I thought Ellen did a pretty good job, but it was only fair to hold off on my decision until the rest of the auditions I had scheduled were done. So you're reading for the part of bar patron number six. Mm-hmm. All right, so whenever you're ready. Bud Light, please. All right. Cool. That's great. You got the part. Awesome. As more and more actors came in, the roles were filling up nicely, and I was especially blown away by an actress who nailed the part of Ellen. You did not just say that. Yes, he did. All right, here you go. Thank you. Excuse me, sweetheart. Wow, that was really good. With every role now cast, I gave all my actors a week to familiarize themselves with the script and then brought them to a church I rented for three days of intense group rehearsal over a holiday weekend. So ready and action. [indistinct chatter] It seemed like most of my actors had a pretty good handle on their lines, and with a little bit of practice, they were getting closer to nailing the blocking of key action sequences that happened on the original night. But as the rehearsal went on, I became concerned about the performances of my romantic leads. Their chemistry was the glue holding this play together, but so far, I wasn't buying it. So after the rest of the group left that day, I kept the pair behind to work with them one on one. I'd wanna, like, personally give your daughter a sibling. Now, I know she'd be like, "Dad." I would love to do that for her. I love you. I love you too. All right, stop. I really want this to feel like a real connection, a real love story between you guys, but I'm not getting that sense right now. How about we try an exercise, okay? Okay. Is that okay? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, Gabriel, you stand up here. So let's try this. Look into my eyes and say, "I love you." Okay. I love you. Okay, now I'm not believing that at this point, so say it again. Okay. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. I love you. Again. You have tears in your eyes, so... Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, my God. Sorry. Um, okay. See, that-- that felt real to me. Good. Did it feel more real when you did it with me than when you did it with him? Um, well, I did it more times with you. Right, but it did? Well, so yes, yes. Okay, so it did, more than with him. Okay, so... You understand? Yeah. And what did you learn by watching that? That she loves you. Well, I mean, she's-- she's acting. Yeah. So that's good. Yeah. So that's what we want from the scene. We want that type of connection. Okay. I mean, does that make sense? Yeah. Great. So let's, uh, let's try that. With my expert guidance and a few more hours of rehearsal, the chemistry between them was now all too real. I love you. I love you too. With the actors in good shape, my crew and I returned to the 1881 Club to prepare for the big premiere. Along with expanding the audience section to seven seats, I added a selection of branded merchandise to maximize our revenue and increased the cost of drinks to reflect theater prices. And after a bit of promotion... It's a new play called "Smokers Allowed." It's kind of a slice of life. Okay. Okay, hope to see you there. Maybe, I don't know. Okay. It was finally time for opening night. - I had no idea if we'd get an audience, but as show time neared, it looked like we might have a sellout on our hands, as a line comprised mostly of family and friends of the actors began filling up the seats. Meanwhile, backstage was abuzz with my cast running lines and getting some final touch-ups. But before we could begin, I still had the tough task that I'd been putting off of breaking the news to Ellen that she didn't get the part. So opening night. Yeah. Are you excited? Yeah, I am. I'm looking forward to it. Before we begin, I just want to say your audition was great. Thank you. Unfortunately, it wasn't quite what I was looking for, for the role of female bar owner. Right, no problem. I understand. Okay, so that being said, I'd like to introduce you to Amy. She's the actress that will be playing you. All right. And I think you'll find she really honors the character. Amy, do you want to show her a bit of your Ellen? Nice to see you. Can I get you a drink? Yeah, that sounds good. All right, so you guys want to switch out? Okay. Even though Ellen wouldn't be in the play, I still wanted her to enjoy the show, which is why I had a front-row seat in the audience reserved especially for her. With just a few minutes until show time, I had a final look-over to ensure that every prop and every actor was in the exact right position, and once the scene was set, we were ready to begin. Hello, everyone. Hello. Thank you-- thank you so much for coming. We're very excited. I'm always hesitant to say too much 'cause I don't want to spoil anything, but I'll just say I hope you enjoy this play as much as we enjoyed making it. So, without further ado, "Smokers Allowed." [applause] [indistinct chatter] It was such an amazing feeling to see my play finally launch, and 20 minutes in, it was clear our rehearsals had paid off, as my actors were able to stay faithful to the original night, matching the dialogue and actions as closely as possible. But instead I stay at home, and I watch "The Real Housewives of New York City." Have you ever seen that? And I could sense that the audience was really connecting with their performance. My romantic leads had finally found a chemistry that felt as genuine as the love that real-life couple they were playing shared. But all this would mean nothing if the play's climax didn't land, the guy showing off his skateboard deck while a three-person selfie happened at the same time. The audience was on the edge of their seats, craving something to put this over the top, and I'm happy to say we delivered. It was a strong first showing for the entire cast, and I was hopeful this would be a real money-maker for the 1881 Club. So once the play was done and the cast took their bows, I felt compelled to express my gratitude for everyone's support. [applause] Ah. Thank you so much for coming out. On behalf of the cast and myself, we're so amazed at this turnout. Now even though a lot of the characters you saw in the play tonight were smoking, it's important to remember that smoking does kill over 400,000 Americans per year. Another 8.6 million live with a serious illness that was caused by smoking or secondhand smoke. So think before you light up. Thank you so much for coming out, and good night. [cheers and applause] My play was a bona fide success, and I was so proud of my cast for giving such a memorable performance the audience would never forget. I would probably not recommend it to anybody as far as saying it's a really good show. The response was overwhelming, but the only opinion that really mattered was Ellen's. So once the bar cleared out, I nervously checked in with her to get her thoughts. So, um... what did you think of the play? It was okay. It was a little boring as far as I was concerned, but... So you didn't like it? Not particularly. It wasn't--it just wasn't-- they were just sitting there. Nobody was really doing anything. So does that mean you're not going to keep doing it here? I doubt it. Seriously doubt it. Our customers come in here to watch sports, watch TV, not just to sit and watch somebody sit there smoking. All right, well... I appreciate your honesty. I appreciate you trying. Ellen saying she didn't want to do my play anymore was the ultimate blow. After all my hard work, I felt sad and rejected. But I realized that maybe there was still a way to get the feeling I was hoping for. So...what'd you think of the play? I thought it was brilliant. Really? Yeah, I really did. And you're gonna keep doing it here? Without a doubt. So you really liked it? I loved it. Say that again. I loved it. Again. I loved it. [somber music] ♪ Say it again. I knew this wasn't real, but her looking at me in the eyes... I loved it. And saying these words was strangely satisfying. Like, I know it's fake, but it feels really good to--to hear. It's not fake. I loved it. They say reality is what you make of it, so in a world that's cruel and hurtful, who's to say mine can't be nice? Okay, thanks. [indistinct chatter] Well, congratulations and good luck. [laughter] Hit me--hit me in the back with it, dude. Seriously, come on. I just want to be home. [indistinct chatter] Neither were we. We actually saw some guy with a PBR grip tape. Really? Yeah. [indistinct chatter] Awesome. He was just talking about that too. Hanging out with a mail-order bride? [blows] [indistinct chatter] Oh, look, this one's doing them too. At least you know you have a place.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small business owners make it in this competitive world. This is "Nathan for You." If you're a traveling businessman visiting Pomona, California, chances are you'll stay at the iconic Hilltop Hotel. But recently, hotel manager Kenny Pang has been eager to attract a new type of clientele: families on vacation. The hotel would like to, you know, get more families to come in because when they-- when they come in, they will stay a lot longer than the other guests. But as far as I'm concerned, if you want to attract families, you have to cater to the needs of the parents. So I paid Kenny a visit with a way to help. When couples stay alone in a hotel, if their relationship's going well, they'll usually have s*x, right? [laughs] That's common sense. Yeah. But when families travel together, I imagine it's incredibly frustrating for the parents because they're unable to engage in sexual intercourse because their kids are there. [laughing] You know what? I never, ever really pay attention to this matter. But...it's out there. Right now, the reason why parents don't want to have s*x while on vacation is because their children will see and hear them, leading to permanent developmental damage which can never be repaired. But if the Hilltop Hotel could offer a portable soundproof box that completely isolates the child from his parents' carnal acts, they'd quickly become the top hotel choice for sexually active parents traveling with their children. The plan: Then, it would still be inside...the room. Is that what you're saying? Oh, sorry. You know, the best part is kids wouldn't see this as some prison they're forced into. It would be a fun isolation box that kids of all ages would enjoy. Um... If you put it that way, theoretically, maybe. Kenny was beginning to see the potential of my idea and even had some suggestions of his own. Every single thing that kids would love could go into that box. I mean, you know, little flashlights, you know, little stars to, you know, go off at night. But before committing to anything, he wanted to see a working prototype. So I got to work constructing our first isolation chamber that would be large enough to house a child up to 16 years of age. But since the most important part was the soundproofing, we layered the inside walls with 6 inches of rock wool batting and then added a cork-lined inner chamber with a pressurized seal that would eliminate vibrations. Because the box had to be airtight, I also installed a self-contained breathing system that would pump oxygen in while scrubbing out the CO2 so the child wouldn't suffocate. And as a final precaution, I created a rainforest soundscape to play inside the box with custom animal calls that would hopefully camouflage any s*x noises that happened to get through. Ooh-ooh-ee-ee-ah-ahh.... [grunting] Ruh-ruh-ah... Oooooooh... With every precaution taken and the box now decorated to make it exciting for kids, it seemed like our prototype was complete. But I knew that if even one s*x noise happened to get through to the inside, the Hilltop could be liable for traumatizing an innocent child. So after setting up the box in one of their suites, I hired two pornographic performers to help me test it out under real-life circumstances. Do you normally start, like, kissing a little bit, and then it gets more and more or-- It kind of depends on the scene. I mean, usually, like, sometimes, there's kissing. Sometimes, it just goes straight to blowjob. Oh, okay. Yeah. While Tony and Holly got ready in the bathroom, I brought in our test subject... Hey. Hi. How's it going? I'm Nathan. Nice to meet you. An eight-year-old child actor named Bradley. What the heck? Pretty cool fort, huh? Yeah. Bradley loved the box. And after helping him in and showing him how to alert me in case of an emergency... [alarm beeps] You see? That light? I sealed him inside the chamber... making sure there was no way he could get out on his own and ruin his innocence. Even though Bradley's parents were fully aware of what was about to happen, they still insisted on being present during the test. So I just want to be clear with you guys. Because this is a test, I'm gonna have the performers go at each other pretty hard. Okay. Okay. And with that, I brought Jurgen and Marie into the room so we could begin. Are you guys ready? Yeah. Okay. Whenever you're ready. Oh, we're ready. [murmurs] [both murmuring] [kissing sounds] I love you so much, Marie. Touch me where I like it, Jurgen. I gave them your names to make it more realistic. Okay. Watch and learn, hon. [laughs] [moaning] Oh... Oh, you like it when I beg for that [bleep], don't you, Jurgen? [moans] Ah! After a few minutes, the real Jurgen and Marie decided to leave the room. There's an alert button. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I'll take care of him. Okay. Thanks. See you, guys. With Jurgen and Marie gone, I was left to monitor the rest of the test on my own. [yelling] Oh! Oh! [loud moaning] Oh, God, Jurgen! [both moaning] [rainforest sounds playing] Once I observed the couple had climaxed, I knew it wasn't gonna get any louder, so I had them finish up and brought in something comfortable for them to put on. And with Holly and Tony out of the room, it's time to see if my box had worked. So what was it like being in outer space? Fun. Did you...hear anything? Animal noises. Animal noises? Nothing besides that? No. Nothing? Nothing. My box had passed an initial test. But with a child's mental health on the line, I needed to make sure it held up under even the most extreme circumstances. So to put it through the ultimate stress test, I arranged for an additional five performers to join Tony and Holly for a seven-person orgy. So these are some of my friends here. Just wanna say hi? all: Hi. Yeah. Nice to meet you. Okay. You know the drill, right? Yeah. Blast off. [loud moaning, groaning] It was clear that if my box could withstand this, it would hold up in any situation a hotel client might get into. So after the 30-minute group session concluded, I followed up one more time with Bradley. So, uh...how was that? Awesome. Did you hear anything strange this time? No. Nothing? Nothing. It worked. The box was completely soundproof. And that meant I could finally return to Kenny with undeniable proof that the product was ready to be offered to his guests. Oh, is that-- [laughs] Wow. It looks like a space shuttle. Oh, God, Jurgen! [both moaning loudly] So, as you can see, we tested it out in every possible scenario... Mm-hmm. From a couple making love to a seven-person group engagement, and there was a child in there the entire time... Mm-hmm. Who didn't hear anything. Mm-hmm. Okay. Wow. Um... Mm... So I guess we'll leave the box in the lobby, and just let me know if you want to order any more. Um... Thank you for the offer, but-- You don't have to worry about it--it's my gift to you. We'll just leave it in the lobby. Uh...all right. Leave it in the lobby, then. Yeah. [light music] ♪ In making this show, I'm constantly on the road, driving from location to location. I try to use the time as best I can by catching up on the royalty-free music tracks I'm thinking of using in my show. ♪ Hot summer nights after the sun went down ♪ ♪ Dreaming of a life outside my little town ♪ But because the traffic is so terrible in Southern California, I often find myself stuck in total gridlock, 'causing me huge delays to wherever I'm going, and in my line of work, being late is not an option. So I recently developed a solution that allows me to be on time no matter how bad traffic gets. Whenever I'm on the road, I make sure to have two interns follow me on a motorcycle. Then, the second I hit any traffic, I give them a signal out my window to approach the side of the car. This is where a switch occurs, as my unpaid intern takes my spot in the car while I quickly mount the back of the motorcycle. And because it's legal to split lanes in California, I'm able to speed through the gridlock and get to where I'm going without any delay whatsoever, leaving my unpaid intern to wait in traffic and eventually deliver my car to my destination. But the more I use the system, the more I notice that others around me looked envious of my ability to avoid traffic, and that's when I realized I might've accidentally stumbled onto a major business opportunity. If I could arrange for hundreds of motorcyclists throughout the city to be on-call to fetch gridlocked drivers at a moment's notice, I'd be able to help everyone avoid traffic, and my gridlock rescue concept could become a national hit. But to do this would take some work, so we'll check back with this in a bit. But first... Rose Ilandrian is a travel agent and the owner of Glendale, California's Travelure By Rose. But in this internet age, she's seen her longstanding business crippled by modern technology. All of a sudden, internet came and everybody's--they're going directly to the internet. And because of this, her customers have dwindled to the last holdouts of the information age-- the oldest of the old. So I paid Rose a visit with a really good solution. You see, pretty soon, Rose's customers will be so old that the only travel they'll be interested in planning is their trip into the ground. [thud] Oh, no! So if Rose were to capitalize on her giant rolodex of elders by helping them book their funerals, she'd open up a whole new stream of revenue from coffin sales and grave plots. The plan: for Rose to transition her travel agency into a full-service funeral home. What are you talking? I mean, even you acknowledged the business is gonna die. Yes. Travel agents aren't gonna be around much longer. My opinion. Your opinion? Yes. So this is a last-ditch effort to squeeze out as much as you can from your customers before they're gone for good. Hmm. Rose seemed interested in the prospect of making money from her dying customers. But since neither of us knew how the funeral business actually operated, I booked us an appointment at one of the area's most popular funeral homes. Not wanting to tip off that we were a new competitor looking for trade secrets, I convinced Rose to pose as my dying wife whose funeral we were looking to plan before she bites the dust. Okay. Show me how you're gonna act in there. What do you want? I mean, like this... Yeah. That's realistic kind of sick. It's almost dead--okay. Good. But I'm a very strong lady. Yeah, you're strong in real life, but for this, you're pretending to be sick. Okay. So we headed into our meeting with funeral director Breanna Gallagher to find out everything we could about their business model. Sadly, uh, my wife, Rose, has come down with Klein's and she's on her way out, so we're trying to make arrangements for the day. Sure. So whatever, you know, options you have and can run through kind of everything you offer, that would be really helpful for us to make our decision. Absolutely. With the funeral director buying our story, she walked me through all their products and services, and I was sure to take note of everything. And can I ask, uh, who your distributor is for these? Aurora. We use Aurora caskets. Aurora? Yes. My plan was working to get Rose the information she needed, but I was surprised to learn that the business was trending away from caskets altogether. Cremation is on the rise right now. It was clear that if Rose wanted to compete, she'd need to be able to offer cremation to her customers. But when I looked online, I discovered that cremation furnaces were ridiculously expensive, and the only ovens that seemed to be in her price range were ones that cooked pizzas. But before suggesting this to Rose, I needed to be sure it could incinerate a body. So I contacted a local pizzeria and asked if I could do a test in one of their ovens. Obviously, I couldn't use a real cadaver, so I structured a makeshift body out of dough and filled the insides with pork bones and whatever stuff I could to make the anatomy as close to human as possible. And once it was done, we wrapped it up and headed over to Burbank Pizzeria to see if their oven would burn it to a crisp. I was told it was just a calzone you were gonna cook. I wasn't sure that this was gonna be this big of a deal with clothing and cloth and leather and hair and stuff like that, so... Okay, but if we take off the clothing, then it's okay? I think it would be best if you want to cook it. After a brief negotiation, George allowed me to continue as long as we put him in naked. [cheerful music] So once all the clothes were removed, George and I delicately loaded the body into the 650-degree oven, and then all there was left to do was wait. Are you, uh, are you married? Yup. Congratulations. Thank you. Are you married? No. No. I'm gonna get me some water. After 1 1/2 hours, George had to open up his shop. So he made me take out the body before it was fully burnt, but he seemed confident that this would work. A few more hours, would it all just burn to a crisp? Yup. Would that work the same for a human body too? Well, anything in that heat eventually will burn, yeah. With the success of my scientific experiment, I now knew that Rose would be able to offer cremations on a budget. So I dressed up her waiting area with marketing materials that would showcase all the new services that were available. And with that, it was time to see if Rose could convince customers to plan their funerals with Travelure. I'd like to go again to Las Vegas, Nevada. After handling the customer's travel needs, I then had Rose bring up the new service. And we sell, sorry I'm telling you this one, funeral packages. Oh, yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. If you are ready or you have the plans... like, we prepare all these packages. Um... I don't have plans in that area right now, though, but yeah. It's good to know, yeah. I need to know just in case. Yes. Whenever you need that, just let me know. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Sure. Sure. But unfortunately, the customer wasn't interested. And after that, Rose started having second thoughts. It has to come from my heart. I have to like what I'm doing. So it's not quite for you? I can do it, but, again, it's not from my heart. You know, it's funny. All this talk about funerals and stuff has really gotten me thinking a lot about my own mortality, you know what I mean? Yes. It makes you realize that at the end of the day, it's not about how much money you make or...how many girls you've slept with. It's about the little moments that are nice. Very nice. Like this. Yeah. This is one. This moment is very good. Good luck with everything, Rose. Thank you, too, Nathan. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Bye. Bye-bye. Good-bye. Earlier, you saw me come up with an idea to rescue people from gridlock. But to see if this would work as an actual service, I'd first need to recruit motorcyclists that were interested in being riders. Knowing that bikers have a pack mentality, I thought I'd have the best chance of gaining their interest if they thought I was one of them. [wolf whistle] So I headed to a local biker bar with the goal of recruiting couples who ride together to take part in my service. And after spending some time doing my best to blend in... [groans] Ugh. My life. I met a biker couple named Sean and Laura who seemed interested in my idea. I'm working on a business opportunity, and I'm looking for couples that know how to ride. So the next day, I brought them into my office to see if they'd be right for the job. To launch this, you know, I'm looking for strong couples because, you know, if I hire you guys and you break up, you're kind of useless to me. Right. So I should ask. Are there any issues in the relationship at all? I think we're pretty solid. I mean, I'm not-- I'm not looking to go see anybody else, so... Not really. Okay. If I hire you, and God forbid, you guys do break up, how quickly do you think you'd be able to get into a new relationship? [laughs] That's a-- That's--[stammers] I wouldn't be able to answer that. Sometimes it's been years. Sometimes it's been the next day, you know? It's-- The next day? I have done it in a day. I've done two in a day. [laughing] What does that mean? Um... Yeah. What does that mean? I had too much fun in one day with two different women. Like, a threesome? No. It was separate. In the same--same day, at the same party, but no, not together. So you had s*x with one woman, then another right after? Pretty much. Okay. So if this relationship ends, you'll find someone pretty quick. Sure. Okay. I mean, you guys seem great. With Laura and Sean on board, I was one step closer to my gridlock rescue service becoming a reality. But before launching this, I needed to see if there was interest from actual commuters. So I sent Sean and Laura out into rush hour traffic to see if the public would embrace my idea. Roll down your window. How you doing today? We're offering a service. My girlfriend would be more than happy to drive your car to wherever you're going. You can get on the back of the bike, and we'll get you there a whole lot quicker. All right. I was surprised that people weren't receptive to my idea. Just tell me where you want to go. We'll take you. I-I know you don't want to do it, but please don't disrespect me while I'm talking to you. Hop on the bike! All right. Go. And in that moment, for the first time, I finally realized the fatal flaw in my concept. In this post-Pearl Harbor world, people don't trust their fellow man the way they once did. People are just so scared and afraid of the unknown that once they shut their mind off, it's really hard to open it up. Exactly. It was a sad conclusion to what I thought was a revolutionary idea. But at least we could celebrate that we gave it our all as a team. What are you guys doing later tonight? Well, I'm taking her out to get something to eat. Oh. Where are you guys gonna go? I don't know yet. Maybe fish. Fish? Crab. Oh. Sounds good. Would you like to-- me to come too? We could all have a-- No. I think we're good. Okay. You guys-- it's like just for you guys? Yeah. No. I'm taking my lady out. I...don't really need any company with me. Okay. Sure. I mean, I wouldn't want to be a third wheel, you know? That's what it would be, so... Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, it's great working with you guys. Nice working with you, too. Yes. In the end, Sean and Laura weren't that different from everyone else-- too afraid of the unknown to let a stranger inside. But, brother, I'll tell you one thing. I'd rather be trusting than late. ♪ Hot summer nights after the sun went down ♪ ♪ Dreaming of a life outside my little town ♪ Abso...lutely. Highway blues. I'm sorry to hear that. It's okay. We've all been there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. [deep inhale] Life alone on the road.
My name is Nathan Fielder, and I graduated from one of Canada's top business schools with really good grades. Now I'm using my knowledge to help struggling small-business owners make it in this competitive world. This... is "Nathan For You." For most women, nails are the main way they can express to others what color they like the most, which is why, in the town of Altadena, California, there's a nail salon on nearly every corner, and this competition has left Kim Han, owner of Corner Beauty Nails, desperate to stand out. I always try to be different from other nail salon to make my customer happy. Because I'm unfamiliar with the nail-salon experience, I decided to visit Corner Beauty undercover as a gorgeous woman looking to get a manicure. You may have expected me to wear a dress or long hair, but I believe a modern woman can present herself however she likes, And once inside, I was able to get a sense of the female experience at the salon. Oh, this one's gorgeous. Yes. That's lovely. Yes. After 20 minutes of being there, I hadn't seen any issues with their offerings or services. But after, while digging through my purse to find my car keys, I discovered that I completely ruined my nail job. And later that week, when I finally met Kim, she agreed that it was a problem for her business. They lose something. They looking for the key, or they hit the door. Anything can happen when the nail wet. And then you have to fix it. I have to fix it for free. But customers would never have to dig for their keys and ruin their nails again if Corner Beauty offered a free valet. I don't know. Good idea or not. I don't know. I mean, I know I'm a bit of a fish out of water when it comes to this stuff because I'm not a woman. Mm-hmm. But you should know I was raised a feminist, and I have a very strong female side to me. So, even though on the outside I appear masculine and rugged, on the inside, you know, I feel like I can relate to you. Good. That's good. Kim liked my valet idea, but to save on staffing costs, she suggested I use her current employees when they had downtime in between clients. So, after she pitched it to her staff and they seemed interested, I brought them out back to prep them for the job. So, who here has operated a valet stand before? Okay, no problem. It's really easy. First rule of valet is, you got to know how to catch keys, 'cause people are gonna park their car, and they're gonna throw their keys at you. And you never know when they're gonna come. Good. After practicing a variety of key-catching methods with the staff... If it's a pop fly, one person's got to call it, okay? Mine. Call it before it-- before it lands, yeah. I felt like they now had all the skills they needed to run a valet. Yeah. [humming rock music] You know, guitar? all: Yes. You guys play? No, no, we don't. No. Yeah, I don't either. With the training complete, we were ready to get started. So, the next day, after setting up our valet stand and outfitting the staff, it was time to offer our new service to customers. Hey, welcome. So we're offering free valet today. So, after you're done, you know, you don't have to be going through your purse and ruining your nails trying to find your keys. Oh, that's great. Yeah. The customers seemed to love the idea, but I sensed some hesitation when I presented Tina as the valet driver. Um, well, whomever. Who usually does it? They're the valet. Okay, then let them park. At first, I just figured it was people's surprise at seeing a valet run by nail technicians. Why would she be parking my car? She's doing the valet. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. But then I realized it might be something more. You have a driver's license? Yes. Yeah, she's a-- she's a good driver. She has a license. Okay. All right, thank you. And later, when I talked to Tina, she seemed to agree. They think that? That's when I realized the disturbing truth. These customers seemed to be influenced by a common but misguided stereotype that Asians are bad drivers. If this valet was going to work, it became clear I would have to do something to change these customer's long-held beliefs. So I went online and found an Asian stunt driver named Verena Mei, who could do some pretty impressive stuff with a car, and I felt that if she could stand in as one of our valets, customers would finally see the truth about what Asians can do behind the wheel. So I'm working with a nail salon whose customers are, unfortunately, a bit behind the times when it comes to their thoughts about Asian drivers. Okay, got it. You know what I mean? I got it-- all the stereotypical stuff. You've heard all that, I'm sure. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. So I figure if they saw someone who wasn't only a good driver, but the best in the world, they'd be forced to permanently change their ideas about Asian drivers. Okay. Do you think you could help do this? Absolutely. I would love to do it. The only thing is the staff at the salon, they all have very thick Asian accents. Okay. And I noticed you don't, and I don't want any of the customers there thinking, you know, you're a plant, you know? Yeah. So would you be able to maybe put on an accent? Asian accent? Um... And then-- I could try, but I don't really want to be, like, a stereotypical one, but... For example, what do you want me to say? You want me to show you? Yeah. I mean... I'm not totally comfortable doing that. That's not offensive if I do it, is it? I don't think so, but... Okay, I mean, I'm trying to counteract stereotypes. The last thing I want to be is--do something racist. Yeah. I just wanted to make sure that-- I'm just showing you the voice, but I'm not, like, saying I'm necessarily right. It's just my idea... maybe, but I'm not-- Like, I don't want to offend or do anything... Yeah. Okay, I'm not the best at this, but-- It's okay. Maybe something like... [imitating Asian accent] "Oh, would you like me to park your car?" Is that... Sound Asian or...? It sounds a little Asian. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. With Verena on board, the next day, we returned to the salon, and I made sure to dress her to look identical to the regular staff. When the first customer arrived and saw her valet, I knew she was probably nervous, but my hope was that once she had finished up with her manicure, Verena would be able to show her once and for all the truth about Asian drivers. So what do you do for a living? I work at Bloomingdale's. Oh, okay. Wow. And this is prom season, so I'm selling lots of dresses. Oh, wow. Yeah, I bet. Lots of girls going to prom. Yes. Got to go to prom. [chuckles] Yep. [tires squeal] [tires screeching] Oh. [tires screeching] Thought they couldn't drive, huh? Yeah. Right away I could see a lifetime of prejudice melting out of her brain. And as more and more Corner Beauty Spa regulars saw Verena in action... [tires screeching] I could tell they would never be hesitant to use a valet run by Asians again. Your car. So, with that, I could now return to Kim confident that my solution to prevent women from chipping their nails would work. Worked pretty well, right? I have to say, you do a good job. And I bet you didn't think, as a man, I could've come up with something that would work so well for women. Maybe you feel how the women feel. And I know what women want. Yeah. I think so. Thank you for those words of encouragement. Yeah. Thank you. Well, thank you. Thank you so much. Oh, you're welcome. Very nice-- happy to work with you, and good luck with your business. Okay. Okay, bye. Bye-bye. Bye. You know, making this show, I get a lot of feedback, and one of the most common misconceptions viewers seem to have about me is that I'm a guy who never smiles and doesn't know how to have fun. And that really bugs me because it couldn't be further from the truth. In reality, I'm actually very fun, relaxed, and easy-going. Now, obviously, I could just be saying that to you, so tonight I'm going to prove it. How? By spending the entire day with a complete stranger and measuring his dopamine levels during our hangout, comparing them against a baseline to prove scientifically that he did have fun hanging out with me. To start things off, I went on Craigslist and searched through the listings in the "strictly platonic" section in order to track down a stranger who'd be willing to spend time with me. I then sent emails to a handful of posters looking to hang out. And the next day, after fielding a number of inappropriate responses, I got a nice email from a man named Brendan, who had recently relocated to Los Angeles and seemed eager to make new friends. So we made plans to hang out later that week. But since this was all about proving to you at home that I am indeed fun, I would need to get evidence that cannot be refuted. So I paid a visit to Dr. Whimsy Anderson, a specialist in neurotransmitter testing, to advise me on how to scientifically prove a person is fun. When someone's having fun, you might see an elevation in serotonin, an elevation in dopamine, or an elevation of both serotonin and dopamine both. So, if their serotonin or dopamine levels go up when they're hanging out with me, that would mean that I'm fun? For them, yes. Dr. Whimsy said, to get accurate results, I'd need to obtain two samples of either urine or blood from the person-- one before our hangout began to act as a baseline, and a second at the end of doing several activities together. But knowing it would skew the results if he was aware of what was being tested, I would have to obtain Brendan's urine without his knowledge. So, prior to his arrival at my office, I set up a tempting selection of beverages in the waiting area. Then, in the bathroom, I put an "out of order" sign on the toilet and attached a clear plastic bag to the urinal mat, creating a reservoir that would discreetly collect any liquid stream on its way down the drain. With everything set and me positioned in a van outside, I watched as, moments later, Brendan arrived. To buy as much time as possible, I sent him a text, telling him I was running late and to wait for me in the lobby. After only a few minutes, he began browsing the selection of drinks and eventually settled on a Dr. Pepper. Then a half hour later, the moment I'd been waiting for finally came, as Brendan got up and headed towards the bathroom, hopefully to deposit what would be our baseline urine sample. So, once he was done, it was time to head in to introduce myself. Brendan? Yeah. Hey, Nathan. Yeah, Brendan. How you doing? Hey, nice to meet you. Good to meet you. Yeah. I'm just gonna go to the bathroom, then we can head out, okay? Yeah, yeah. No problem. Yeah. I pretended that I had to go to the bathroom too, but in reality, it was just so I could transfer the sample from the secret urinal chamber into the specimen cup while it was still fresh. Meanwhile, one of my production assistants informed Brendan that our day was going to be filmed for a documentary about Craigslist hangouts, and Brendan seemed more than happy to participate. Yeah, sure. With his sample sealed, I hid it underneath a hollowed-out candle and then lit the wick to signal to my unpaid intern that it was ready to be taken to the lab for testing. And with the sample secured, I could finally begin my day with Brendan. I just wanted to be clear before we leave, I posted in the platonic section, but I know a lot of people on there were looking for sexual stuff. That's not you, right? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Okay, good. Just wanted to make sure. Sorry, no. Okay, cool. I'm just looking for someone to hang out with. Oh, yeah, yeah. That's--'Cause I-- Okay, great. And with both of us on the same page, it was time to have some fun. I had planned several activities that I hoped would raise Brendan's dopamine levels enough to get the results I needed. Buckle up. And as we headed to our first destination, we got to know each other. Like, "Star Wars," you had the red and blue factor. You had-- the dark side was the red, and the light side was, um, blue. In "The Matrix," you had the red pill or the blue pill. Okay. In "Shaun of the Dead," the little cone that he ate was red. Okay. In "Hot Fuzz," the color was blue. In "Next Generation," if they wore blue, they typically would die. In the original series, it was red. It seemed like Brendan and I didn't have a lot in common, but I was hopeful that once he saw my fun side, things would change. All right. So... We're gonna go into a hat store and try on silly hats. Okay. Let's do it. That's fun, right? Yeah. I mean, that's something-- Is that fun for you? Yeah, let's do it. Okay, let's go. All right. Oh, this is pretty cool. Trying on hats is something everyone can enjoy, and it was the perfect way to show Brendan that I'm the type of guy who doesn't take himself too seriously. This is what girls would wear. Yeah. I don't know about this one. But Brendan wasn't having the reaction I expected, and after we left, I was doubtful his neurotransmitters were sufficiently raised by the hat-store experience, so I was counting on the day's next activity to do the trick. You like go-karts? Hell, yeah. Yeah? Right away I could tell Brendan was excited. I've got to go with red because of the red factor in "Star Trek." All right. Go-karting is like normal driving, except the car is so much smaller, so the fun comes from the fact that you know your body is too big for the car, and as we started going around the track, I could tell it was working, 'cause Brendan was smiling from ear to ear. [screeching] [laughing] It seemed like his fun levels were peaking, so I wanted to get a second sample as quickly as possible. But since waiting for his urine again could take hours, I had a plan to get this sample immediately at a clinic via blood test. The only thing I had to do now was convince him to go. You know, I was thinking... we should do something totally random, you know? Yeah, is there something you want to do? I don't know. We should, like-- we should, like, go for, like, a blood test or something. Like, wouldn't that be crazy? So random. Just go to a lab and get our blood drawn and stuff? A blood test? An actual blood test? Yeah. I haven't done-- Uh, yeah. We can do that. That sounds cool. I mean, they're pretty fun to do. Yeah, let's go do a blood test. That'd be kind of cool. And with Brendan on board, we were off. - Coming off the thrill of go-kart racing, I wanted to harvest Brendan's blood as quickly as possible, so we headed to a nearby medical clinic where I had prearranged for the necessary lab work. To make sure his levels didn't drop due to the un-fun setting, I asked the nurse if she'd be willing to hide an electronic fart machine on her person that I'd be able to activate by remote control during the blood draw. Do you think you could do that? Um, I'll try my best. My hope was that Brendan would think they were real farts, and that the fun of that would spike his dopamine levels right as the blood was being taken. Who's going first? I guess I'll go first. Do you want to? Okay, yeah. Okay. And with Brendan in his seat, it was time to see if this would work. [flatulence] Sorry about that. [flatulence] My apologies. [flatulence] Sorry. You have some gas today? Nope, I'm okay. Oh, you're okay? Yeah, sorry about that. Okay. That's okay. [flatulence] Oh, sorry. I mean, you should stay home if you're that sick. I apologize for that. I mean, if your bowels are-- I'm okay. We're just done, so I will be stepping out in a moment. [flatulence] Sorry about that. [flatulence] Upset stomach today. Sorry. It's okay. [chuckles] [flatulence] My apologies. - The farts were working, and it seemed like Brendan was having the time of his life. All right, so I'm gonna do mine, and I'll see you. Okay. Okay, cool. [whispering] That was great. Did you see he was laughing? Yeah. That was good. Okay. So, with everything I needed, it was time to say good-bye to Brendan. I'll catch you on the flip side, man. "Flip side"? On the flip side. It means "Catch you later, dude." All right, see you, man. Yeah, see you. But whether this would translate into actual science was still to be seen. So, later that week, I returned to Dr. Whimsy's office, nervously awaiting the results. His serotonin when he started was within normal range. The number was 87.22. Uh-huh. The day of fun, it was 219.92, so it shot up 2.5 times what it initially was. Well, that's huge. They're very impressive numbers. So this person who was with you was not only having fun, but they were happy, and they had a greater sense of well-being when they were with you. Wow. Uh... Uh, that's amazing. 'Cause, you know, I think a part of me has always had this thing ever since I was a kid that, you know, people maybe don't like hanging out with me, and, you know, even though they might say they're having fun, they're really not. And it's really hard to, you know, have those thoughts. I think it can really take a toll on your self-esteem a bit. You know? Mm-hmm. But now if anyone questions me and ever says that I'm not fun or is uncomfortable hanging out with me, I can say, "No, you're wrong. I am fun, and it's been scientifically proven." Uh, sorry. I just kind of opened up to you. You're not--I don't know. No, that's cool. I think it's great. Yeah. I think it's great. There was no denying it. After getting the data from Dr. Whimsy, I now had scientific proof that I am fun. But as I was looking over Brendan's results, I realized that if he enjoyed his time with me this much, maybe this could be more than just an experiment for my show. Maybe this could be the start of an actual friendship. So, later that week, I arranged a meet-up at Brendan's apartment, because if this was gonna turn into something real, he deserved to know the truth. So, um, there's something I should tell you. Okay. I mean, to start off a friendship, you need to start on the right foot, and that means honesty. Yeah, exactly. So... um... when we were first hanging out, I was secretly collecting your urine to have it tested in the lab to see if your dopamine levels went up. Why would you do that? I wanted to see if you were having fun hanging out with me. I'm--I've never had anybody do that. I mean... you know, secretly, you know, taking my urine to find out if my dopamine levels went up or not. I mean, I don't-- I mean, I know that's weird, but it was a one-time thing. It won't happen again, and I wanted to be honest with you, so now you know you can trust me. No... You-- No, you took my urine. I mean... [sighs] I mean, if you're looking at it in a scientific way, you know, you did what you did, you know. I mean, it's not gonna hurt me. I mean, it's just urine. Am I still someone you'd want to be friends with? Yeah. I mean, you just took my urine. I mean, that's in the past, man. I'm fine. Let's--I want to go do something today, you know. Let's go do something exciting. ["Steal My Sunshine" by Len] Oh. Hey! ♪ Sunday morning of last week ♪ ♪ Indulging in my self-defeat ♪ [girl screams] both: Aah! ♪ I know it's up for me ♪ ♪ If you steal my sunshine ♪ ♪ Making sure I'm not in too deep ♪ both: Aah! [both laughing] ♪ If you steal my sunshine ♪ Ah! That's awesome. [exhales sharply] [keys jingling]
Good evening. Right now, I'm on a rooftop in the heart of historic downtown Los Angeles, overseeing the final preparations for what could be one of the most astonishing events to ever be broadcast on television, an event that could change a man's life forever. This is Corey, an ordinary guy whose life is in a rut. But two weeks ago, I secretly took over Corey's entire identity with one goal in mind: to transform a totally unremarkable man into a national hero. How will I do it? Well, if everything goes as planned, in just moments, a crowd below will be inspired as Corey steps off this rooftop and performs a death-defying tightrope walk for charity. But what no one will know is that the man who's really walking that wire will be me. [suspenseful music] I've always believed that there's a hero inside each and every one of us. So nine months ago, to inspire you, I began working on a secret project to prove that even the most unlikely people have the potential for greatness. Can anyone become a hero? Well, tonight, you're about to find out. ♪ When I decided I wanted to transform someone's life, I knew I needed to find a person who was beyond hopeless. So I sent out a team of producers to scour food courts, coffee shops, gas stations, and comic book stores, looking for people who wanted a better life. The producers told them they were recruiting for a new reality show, in which participants would receive a life makeover. And after an exhaustive search that lasted weeks, someone finally caught my eye. My name is Corey Calderwood, and, uh... I work at an arcade right now three days a week. Corey was single, stuck in a dead-end job, and lived with his parents. He didn't seem to have any life plans whatsoever, so I paid him a visit at his home in Ventura, California, with an offer to change his life forever. Are you happy with where you're at in your life right now? Uh... Most of the time, I'd say I have those moments where you feel like it could be better, you know? There's things that I still want, I guess. Corey spends most of his days caring for his parents' house where he still lives, playing video games, and organizing his collection of "Magic: The Gathering" cards. Just a fun little way to pass some time. But since his mom and stepdad are away in Hawaii on business most of the year, his grandparents have become his main caregivers. And they, too, would like to see more from Corey. He has a great potential. He just doesn't either know how to achieve it or to get into it. He just seems to be gliding through life right now. Just slip-sliding away. Slip-sliding away. Corey was the perfect candidate. But I had to make sure he was willing to play by my rules. I should tell you, that you won't have much information throughout this process. And once we get started, you will be completely cut off from the outside world. All right. That is interesting. But I can tell you that if you do this, by the time I'm done, you will reemerge as a national hero. So... Are you in? Yeah. You sure? Sure. With Corey on board and a legal liability waiver signed, I could now begin the process of learning everything about him, as my plan would soon require me to secretly take over Corey's life. My stepdad travels for his work. I definitely find braces to be really cute, for some reason. I like alfredo pasta. And I worked at a call center. I've worked at a recycling factory. My favorite movie of all time was "Tommy Boy." I just say "cool beans" a lot. Cool beans. Cool beans. But learning facts about Corey wouldn't be enough, as my plan would require me to physically become him. So I asked him to give me a tour of his bedroom, with the real purpose of secretly studying his mannerisms and the way he moved. Well, normally, I mean-- I just go on for a little bit. But to pull this off, my resemblance to Corey would have to go further. So the next day, we told him he'd have to take a routine physical to make sure he was fit enough to participate in the show. But what Corey didn't know is that the doctor was actually four-time Emmy-nominated makeup artist Vincent Van Dyke, who, in the guise of performing some routine medical tests... So this is gonna just test for epilepsy. I'm just gonna have you close your eyes, okay? Was able to secure our most crucial asset for my transformation: a full 3-D laser scan of Corey's face. [dramatic music] All right, thank you so much. I appreciate it. No problem. With his digitized facial map on file, I had it sent to a 3-D printer to create a life-size replica bust. And once complete, it was delivered to Vincent's studio in Burbank, where he began the process of casting the mold for the latex prosthetic that would turn me into Corey Calderwood. But for what I was about to do next, I had to get the real Corey out of town. Just so you don't know where you're going, I'm gonna put this bag over your head. Is that okay? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You can breathe okay? Yeah. Once I assumed his identity, there couldn't be two of us. Okay, you comfortable? Yeah. So I needed to completely isolate Corey from the rest of the world-- away from phones, internet, and especially his family. The road ends here, okay? So we're gonna go into a helicopter. [indistinct chatter] [helicopter whirring] [dramatic music] ♪ [indistinct chatter] All right. Oh, that's bright. That is a big eye adjustment. So you can kind of see, you got everything you need. I had fully stocked a trailer with enough supplies for Corey to survive while I hid him in a remote corner of the Mojave Desert. Do you like this brand, Market Pantry? I don't think I've had it before, but I'll find out. Yeah. After showing him how to use the portable toilet... Oh, yeah. I took possession of his ID cards, keys, and cell phone. Nice case. Where'd you get this? Oh, it was my mom's old phone. Oh, yeah, I was thinking it looks kind of girly. I know. Yeah. Are you guys gonna come by and check on me periodically, or is it, I'm out here for two weeks, then you show up and I head back? Yes. And with Corey squared away, I was off. [helicopter whirring] [dramatic music] ♪ Walking a wire is one of the most inspiring acts a human can do. So for the past seven months, I've been teaching myself how to balance on a 1/2 inch steel tightrope. When I first attempted this, I couldn't even stay on the wire for more than a few seconds at a time. But after days and days and hundreds of hours of relentless practice, I began to get the hang of it. And just a week before meeting Corey, I was finally good enough to make it across a wire suspended 5 feet in the air. But to turn someone into a national hero, I would need the spectacle to be much bigger. So I picked a pair of buildings in downtown Los Angeles to be the platform for a death-defying wire walk 80 feet above the ground. Now I just had to convince the public that another man would be doing it. So with Corey laying low in the desert, I worked round the clock to master my impersonation. I love specifically, like, alfredo pasta. And once the prosthetic and custom body suit were ready, we began the 4 1/2 hour application process that would complete my transformation into Corey Calderwood. And then I headed into the first media appearance I had booked for Corey to promote the big event. 95.5, KLOS. So you're gonna get on a wire in downtown Los Angeles, and it's something-- you're not a tightrope walker? No. This isn't what you do? Just started learning to wire walk six months ago. It's totally new for me. I can't imagine you being on a high wire with thousands, possibly, of people-- A lot of people have been saying that what I'm doing is inspiring and heroic, you know? But I--I really don't see it that way. My goal is to raise awareness for breast cancer and the charity Metavivor, specifically. Well, then you are a hero. Yes! I hope you make it-- Well, I don't see it that way. I don't really see myself as a hero, but thank you for saying that; that is nice. Did breast cancer affect you personally in some way? No. The radio appearance couldn't have gone better. And with millions of people listening, I was hopeful it would draw a crowd. But there was still one issue I had to resolve. When I first met Corey, he opened up to me about something he was struggling with. It would be good to be in a relationship. It gets lonely when you're not with someone for a while, you know. I was worried that if his love life remained unfulfilled, he might not have the confidence he would need to step into his new role as a hero. So I decided to create an online dating account for Corey that I populated with photos from his Facebook page. I also created some new images that would help portray Corey as a sensitive guy that women would be unable to resist. And shortly after uploading them to his profile, it seemed to work, as by the next morning, I had a response from a lovely woman named Jasmine, who seemed like she might be a good fit for Corey. And after telling her that a camera crew was following me because I was gonna be performing a death-defying wire walk, she instantly agreed to go on a date, which I set for the following night. My goal was to establish a relationship that Corey would ultimately take over. So I tried my best to portray a realistic but charming version of the man whose skin I was in. I just spend most of my time in Ventura. You know? Really? Not the greatest place. But it's kind of hard to talk about myself with a goddess sitting right in front of me. Oh, thank you. Yeah, sorry. Is that a bit cheesy, or... No, it's actually really sweet. Nobody's ever called me that before. I was immediately surprised at how well the date was going, as in these situations, I'm usually a lot more nervous. Back in high school, I was actually on the debate team. Wow. Yep. So what's it like to debate with you, then? Um, I'm pretty good. I bet you're a pretty good arguer. Yeah, I'm pretty good at debating. Should we try to debate something now? Or-- I don't know. Just a silly joke. We don't have to do that. And ten minutes in, not only were Corey and Jasmine hitting it off... So have you actually tried walking across a building yet? No. Wow. Yeah. It's gonna be nerve-racking. They also had a lot in common. Do you play "Sims" at all? I do, yes. Yeah, so do I. It's my go-to pleasure. Oh, yes. It's a guilty pleasure for me. I love "Sims." Yeah. Cool beans. I like that expression. After a fun night of conversation, it was time to wrap things up. But before leaving, I wanted to make it clear to Jasmine just how serious about her Corey was. I hope it's not too forward to ask, but, uh... Can I ask your permission to kiss you? Oh, sure. But it wasn't gonna happen now, because I told her I wanted our first kiss to be special. I was thinking we can do it right when I step off that wire. That'd be cool. Yeah. [chuckling] Okay. With Jasmine consenting to a kiss, I was one step closer to getting Corey a real relationship. But after she left, I found myself strangely surprised by my own confidence. There was something about being in another person's skin that made all my social anxiety vanish. And I didn't feel ready to call it a night just yet. My friend Maureen is from Boston. Boston? [Boston accent Oh, hi, I'm from Boston. I love Ben Affleck. [laughter] I was able to charm complete strangers. It was a side of me I had never seen before. Thank you, bother. Yeah, of course, anytime. What's your name? Corey. Do you guys like dancing? It was nice, for once, to have a night away from all my insecurities. And as it came to an end, I actually felt a bit sad, knowing that I'd soon have to go back to being me. With the day of the wire walk fast approaching, I had Corey's grandparents brought to Los Angeles to witness the big event. So far, they had been kept completely in the dark about everything. But shortly after their arrival, I began receiving some troubling messages on Corey's phone. We haven't heard from you in a few days, honey. Is everything okay? We're getting concerned. His grandparents had found out about the wire walk from one of the newspaper ads we were running and became so concerned that they insisted on seeing their grandson in person. This was a big problem. I knew my Corey disguise and impression were good, but to fool his own family would take some additional effort. So I sent our sound guy out to the Mojave Desert and had him record Corey saying a specific series of phrases that I had written. Yeah, sure. Don't worry. Everything's going to be okay. Corey had no idea why we needed this, but I was able to use these audio clips to create a digital soundboard that would allow me to have any conversation I wanted in his actual voice. I agree. I then arranged to meet Corey's grandparents at their hotel. But since I didn't want them to see me up close, I hired an actress to pose as a hotel manager and inform them that no one was allowed in or out. We just have a suspicious man on the loose. We're checking it out right now. So please just stay in your room. Then I texted them from across the street, telling them to go out on their balcony. Now I just had to pray that this would work. Hi, Grandma. Hi, Grandpa. Corey! There he is! Hi! Hey, Corey! It's so great to see you. It's great to see you. It's good to be here. The hotel was all blocked in. They won't let me inside. We'll have to talk like this. You okay? Yes. Just don't worry about me. I've been training hard, and I'll be totally safe. You better be! Yes. I need to go now. Okay. But just know I'm safe and feeling great. I'll see you both at the big event. We love you! Love you, Corey. Yes. Bye! It worked like a charm. And Corey's grandparents didn't suspect a thing. Is he in that van over there? I can't tell. I think so. And once we were out of sight, I had the fake manager defuse the situation. The gunman has been killed. And you are free now to go around the hotel as freely as you'd like-- He--someone was killed in the hotel? With Corey's grandparents put at ease, I could now refocus on getting in some last-minute practice, working privately with aerial arts expert Richie Gaona. But what I didn't expect was the psychological shock to my system when we increased the height of my training wire. My brain just wouldn't allow me to take a single step. And I became seriously concerned that once I was up on that rooftop, my body might completely shut down. But with my team already under way constructing the rigging for the wire walk, there was no turning back now. The day had finally arrived for Corey to be transformed into a hero in front of the eyes of the nation. So early that morning, I sent my crew to retrieve him from the desert... Come with us. And covertly transport him into the city. Meanwhile, on the rooftop, a team of experts rigged a 3/4 inch steel wire that would be my only support as I attempted to walk across the terrifying 80-foot drop. And with the final preparations under way, news outlets were already arriving on site, And a crowd of spectators began to gather below. My plan was to cross from the north to south rooftop, where a secret switch would take place, and the real Corey would emerge for his kiss with Jasmine. It had been a week since she last saw me up close, so my hope was that once I switched with Corey, any minor discrepancies in our appearance would go unnoticed. So with Jasmine now in position on the rooftop and Corey's grandparents looking on below, I had Corey brought from the van into a holding area downstairs. And once he was changed into his wire walking suite, it was time to bring him up to speed. Take off your hood. Hey. Hey. How are you? Uh... I'm doing good. A little confused at what's going on right now, but, uh-- It's me--Nathan. Yeah. You knew? Yeah. I could kind of recognize your voice under there, but, yeah. Time was of the essence. So I quickly explained to Corey my plan for the big wire walk event. So that's what we're gonna do right now, is, we're-- you're gonna do that, and then we'll pretend it's me who did it? Yes. Corey, are you ready to be a hero? Uh... I guess we have it all set up, so kind of got to do it now. Um... With Corey on board, I updated him on everything I had done with his life while he was away. This is your girlfriend. Jasmine. She's already consented to kissing you. Okay? Okay. And I would avoid using too much tongue. Yeah, I'm probably gonna use none. Yeah, just like-- Okay. Just wanted to make sure. Just kiss. Okay, good. Now I just had to get him to the rooftop without being seen. So to get you up there, I'm gonna put you in this bag. Oh, okay. I told Corey that after his kiss with Jasmine, he would deliver a pre-written speech and then present a check to a breast cancer charity, which would cement him as a hero. So with everyone in place, it was time for the event to begin. [crowd cheering] Come on, Corey. [dramatic music] ♪ [crowd cheering] ♪ It was the most thrilling moment of my life. And even though the plan was to only cross once, I wasn't ready to stop being Corey just yet. [dramatic music] ♪ [crowd cheering] I crossed the wire five more times, and I could've kept going. But I knew I had a promise to keep. So it was time for me to enter the tent and give Corey his life back. All right. You take it from here, okay? All right, okay. Okay. Hey. Oh, my God, I'm so proud of you. That was crazy--did you hear everybody cheering for you? Yeah. How was it? It was pretty crazy. It's really good to see you, Jasmine. It's good to see you too. Wow, my gosh, I'm so proud of you. That was crazy. You did it so many times. You kept going back and forth. [sighs] It's really hot. Yeah. Um... Want to-- you want to kiss now? Definitely. Okay. [both giggling] Oh, you got soft lips. Thank you. [giggles] Okay, let me-- I need to go do that. Okay. [laughs] Oh. All right. [crowd cheering, clapping] [laughs] So... What a moment. Thank you, everyone, for supporting me, as I walked the wire to inspire you and raise awareness for breast cancer. [crowd cheering] I'd also-- [laughs] Oh... I'd also like to thank my beautiful girlfriend, Jasmine, for giving me the courage to do this. She's my rock. [laughs] Oh... Jasmine, I love you. [chuckles] What? I am living proof that anyone can become a hero. Never stop dreaming. Thank you. [crowd cheering, clapping] [cheers and applause] [police siren wailing] [sighs] Well, that was exciting. Yeah, I'm, uh... Definitely ready to be down lower to the ground. Yeah. [instrumental music] ♪ [crowd cheering] [crowd chanting "Corey"] [indistinct chatter] [crowd cheering] Thank you. Quite a sight this afternoon in downtown L.A. Amateur tightrope walker Corey Calderwood of Ventura calmly strolled from rooftop to rooftop 80 feet above the pavement. Oh, it's good to see you. It's good to see you. Corey, I can't believe-- I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Don't you ever do that again. [indistinct chatter] I can't believe it. I cannot believe it. I can't believe it. It's like muscle memory instinct, and my mind just was blank. It was just like... Getting it done. It was just a big rush of adrenaline. And I feel like there was no real thoughts going in my head; it was just, like, doing it. Calderwood says he did this stunt to raise awareness for Metavivor, a national organization that funds breast cancer research. So bravo to him. - Wow. That's great, son. Grandma, Grandpa, this is Jasmine. Hello. Jasmine! How are you? I'm fine. How are you? Hi, Jasmine, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you guys too. I'm so proud of your grandson. Well... He's incredible. We're proud of him too. Yes. You did something that I never, ever thought would be possible from you. Now, are you... what happens now? [instrumental music] ♪ Anytime somebody does anything like life-risking for a good cause, I'm all for that. Raising awareness for cancer, that's awesome. So many people struggle with that these days. Well, I thought he was very brave. And, I mean, for a cause. It was breast cancer, right? Yeah, that's good.
