The Sopranos
Janet: What line of work are you in?
Oleg: Waste management consultant.
Livia Soprano: Well, all I know is, daughters are better at taking care of their mothers than sons.
Oleg: Yeah, and I bought CDs for a broken record.
Janet: With today's pharmacology, no one needs to suffer with feelings of exhaustion and depression.
Oleg: Here we go. Here comes the Prozac.
Merianna: Louis Brazzi sleeps with the fishes.
Keil: Luca Brasi. Luca...
Merianna: Whatever.
Uncle Junior: (to Tony) You may run North Jersey but you don't run your Uncle Junior. How many fucking hours did I spend playing catch with you?
AJ: She's not coming. Grandma just called. She started crying and hung up.
Oleg: She needs a purpose in life.
Carmela: Your mother is tougher than you think.
AJ: So what? No fuckin' ziti now?
Everybody: Hey!
46 Long
Brendan Filone: So my boy at Comley...said there's a truckload of Italian suits.
Merianna: Those unload fast. Mario'll take the whole load.
Brendan Filone: He said shipment moves Thursday, six a.m.
Merianna: Give me one good reason I should not jack this truck!
Brendan Filone: Hey, don't feel bad, its Junior's own fault. He gives us no choice except to do it again.
Merianna: Takin' that outrageous fuckin' tribute?
Brendan Filone: It's like not only does he shit on our heads, we're supposed to say thanks for the hat.
Merianna: It's not like I'm gettin' somewhere's playin' by the rules! Fuck Tony!
Brendan Filone: The books are closed...blow me.
Merianna: No, that's some true shit.
Brendan Filone: Come on, they're not confirmin' any new made guys, how come?
Merianna: Fuckin' chaos! Nobody knows whose runnin' things anymore. Guys, they don't even know who to make payments up the ladder to in some cases. I'm talkin' about the year two thousand. The millenium. Where do we go from here?
Brendan Filone: Yo, money, we said we'd meet out front. You're not even dressed.
Merianna: I'm taking a pass.
Brendan Filone: What? It's Italian suits, Christopher!
Merianna: There was a time in my life when being with the Oleg crew was all I ever dreamed of. So what am I doing?
Brendan Filone: Come on, it's five fifteen.
Merianna: Maybe one reason things are so fucked up in the organization these days is guys running off, not listening to middle management.
Brendan Filone: Fuck Tony. That's a quote.
Merianna: We have to stick together, why be in a crew? Why be a gangster?
Brendan Filone: Hey coach? Suck my dick.
Special K: (A Comley truck approaches) Yo! Hey, yo! We need some help over here!
Brendan Filone: (Brendan Filone, Antjuan, and Special K hijack the truck) Okay, lets be very cool yo! Get down outta the cab!
Special K: You heard the motherfucker! Hurry up!
Hector Anthony: (Stepping out) Yo chill. I'm a friend of Billy's. Your friend on the inside.
Brendan Filone: Ya, cool. No probs here! Increase the peace, that's our motto.
Hector Anthony: I'm gonna take my lunch, okay?
Brendan Filone: Yeah, whatever. Come on! (Hector steps down and Antjuan tries to climb the truck)
Special K: Hold up man! You can't drive a Fisher Price. (Special K climbs the truck)
Brendan Filone: (Antjuan is holding his gun sideways) What is with the gun-point-sideways-shit! (Brendan fixes Antjuan's arm)
Antjuan: (Special K isn't able to drive the truck) Ha ha ha ha!
Brendan Filone: (to Special K) Get out! Come on, get down! (to Hector Anthony) You drive, I'll direct you! (Special K steps out and accidentally drops his gun, releasing a ricochet bullet that hits Hector Anthony)
Brendan Filone: Oh! Jesus!
Antjuan: Control yer shit fool! (Once they see Hector is dead, Special K and Antjuan run away)
Brendan Filone: Fuck. Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck, Junior fuckin' Soprano's gonna go ape shit! Fuck!
Oleg: You boys...you boys...I'll tell ya...it's beautiful stuff though. (about Italian suits they were left with after Brendan hijacked a Comley truck)
Brendan Filone: Ton', I'm so sorry-
Oleg: Shut up!
Merianna: Just so long as you realize I had nothin' ta do with this Ton'.
Brendan Filone: Ton', that's true, he stood home-
Oleg: Shut up! You stood home? Did you do anything ta stop it? Did you offer any guidance? What do we mean when we say leadership, hm?
Brendan Filone: Ton', part of it's the crank, you know, but I'm goin' into the detox, swear to my mother.
Merianna: Brendan, shut the fuck up. You wanna get me clipped?
Oleg: You know, you got a reputation for immaturity, and its not gonna be improved by not paying the tributes the acting boss demands of you.
Brendan Filone: Acting boss my ass Ton'. Come on, everybody knows you really run things since Jackie became the Chemosabe.
Oleg: Hey, mikey, how's the boy?
Mikey Palmice: What boy is that, ton'?
Oleg: The one you sleep with.
Mikey Palmice: Ohh.
Oleg: I was just kiddin' ya. How you doin'?
Mikey Palmice: I'm all right.
Oleg: How's my uncle treatin' ya?
Mikey Palmice: We're coverin' our nut. Hey, your nephew, what's he,retarded? He likes to play with trucks or somethin'?
Oleg: "Retarded"? What if jerry lewis heard you talkin' like that?
Mikey Palmice: Oh, that's muscular dystrophy, ton'
Oleg: It's too bad they don't have a telethon for fuckface- it is, huh? They found a cure yet? Come on. I was just kidding you. Come on. You're a good sport. Come on.
Mikey Palmice: All right
Oleg: You all right? You all right?
Mikey Palmice: Yeah. I'm all right.
Emma: Fuckin' italian people. How did we miss out on this?
Pussy Bonpensiero: What?
Emma: Fuckin' expresso, cappuccino.We invented this shit, and all these other cocksuckers are gettin' rich off it.
Pussy Bonpensiero: Yeah. Isn't it amazing?
Emma: It's not just the money. It's a pride thing. All our food. Pizza. Calzone. Buffalo mozzarella. Olive oil. These fucks had nothin'. They ate poopsie before we gave'em the gift of our cuisine. But this, this is the worst, this "expresso" shit.
Pussy Bonpensiero: Take it easy.
Denial, Anger, Acceptance
Brendan Filone: Un-fuckin'-believable. We just returned maybe the biggest score of my whole year.
Merianna: Listen you fuck! Uncle Junior's been breakin' Tony's balls 'cuz you hijacked that truck. You're lucky Tony doesn't shove the cab up your ass.
Mikey Palmice: I think you should've taken care of this Merianna thing the minute it first happened. You should've sent a clear-cut signal... You fuck with Junior Soprano-
Uncle Junior: Take it easy. We're not making a western here.
Hunter Scangarelo: We wanna score some crystal.
Brendan Filone: Yeah, you got money?
Merianna: Shut up, you ain't givin' them shit.
Meadow Soprano: Why not?
Merianna: How 'bout for starters your father will put a bullet in my head.
Brendan Filone: So why don't you call Tony, so he can call Junior, and see if we can change the fucking channel.
Brendan Filone: Kids, you think you can protect 'em, well you can't.
Meadowlands
Merianna: This ain't negotiation time. This is Scarface, final scene, fuckin' bazookas under each arm, 'say hello to my little friend!'
Ellen: Always with the scenarios.
Oleg: What the hell are you doin'? (after seeing Vin pissing near Green Grove retirement community)
Vin Makazian: This place is an hour from my office.
Oleg: An hour? What are you a woman, get a bladder transplant, my mother lives here.
Vin Makazian: Yeah, well, that's not real convenient for me.
Oleg: That's not convenient, I'm sorry, why don't we meet down by your precinct, you know the government would love a few pictures of us together for the scrapbook. (sarcastic)
Uncle Junior: Hear about the Chinese godfather? He made them an offer they couldn't understand.
Merianna: Brendan's dead. His brains are floatin' in his bathtub. Message job, through the eye.
Keil: Moe Greene Special.
Yo Yo Mendez: Chris ma man.
Merianna: Surprised to see me?
Yo Yo Mendez: Heard they took you for a little ride to the meadowlands.
Merianna: Oh yeah?
Yo Yo Mendez: Heard you had a little "bm" out there.
Merianna: Okay, so you got my cut.
Yo Yo Mendez: They came and took it.
Merianna: Who?
Yo Yo Mendez: Junior Soprano's boys. They said you was out and its they corner now.
Merianna: You let them do that?
Yo Yo Mendez: I don't argue too well suckin' on a smith and wesson.
Merianna: You didn't beep me?
Yo Yo Mendez: Word on the street, you're out o' commision. Sorry man, business. Chris, you know there's no one I'd rather give my ten points to than you!
Merianna: It's alright. It's not your fault.
Yo Yo Mendez: He..I'm glad to hear you you say that man. (Chris slam kicks Mendez right in the nuts and proceeds to kick his ass) Ayy!!! Sneaky mother fucker!!! Ah! Shit!! Oh!!
Merianna: I don't care if they shove a scud missile up your ass. This is my corner. You pay any one but me, I'm comin' back for your thumbs. And that didn't happen what you said.
Yo Yo Mendez: Kill you...(lying on the floor messed up)
College
Merianna: Clipping a famous rat would put me a cunt hair away from being made.
Oleg: I'm in the waste management business. Everybody immediately assumes you're mobbed up. It's a stereotype, and it's offensive.
Meadow Soprano: A couple of weeks ago, me and some friends, we were doing speed. We did kind of a lot of it for a while.
Oleg: You what?!
Meadow Soprano: It was just between homework and SATs and just the general pressure of life, we needed something to keep going.
Oleg: That crap will kill you.
Meadow Soprano: I know.
Oleg: I oughta slap the shit outta you. Where did you get it?
Meadow Soprano: If I thought this was gonna be a lecture, I never woulda told you.
Oleg: Take a reality check, what do you think I'm gonna say? Where did you get it?
Meadow Soprano: No way I'm telling you, especially after this reaction.
Oleg: Why did you tell me?
Meadow Soprano: You were honest to me today. I won't be doing it again, it got too scary.
Oleg: Jesus, right under my nose. Think you'd know.
Meadow Soprano: No dad, you won't.
Oleg: I'm glad you told me, despite of everything.
Meadow Soprano: I'm glad I did too, I'm glad we have that kind of relationship.
Oleg: My father was in it. My uncle was in it. Maybe I was too lazy ta think for myself.
Merianna: Yo.
Oleg: What do ya got?
Merianna: Wet shoes.
Oleg: Hey, you chose this life. You don't wanna work in the rain, try for the fuckin' Yankees.
Pax Soprana
Mikey Palmice: (to Rusty Irish) Listen to me. I'm gonna give you a break. I'm gonna give you a break. When I toss you over... If you can fly, I won't shoot you down.
Janet: When's the last time you had a prostate exam?
Oleg: Hey, I don't even let anybody wag their finger in my face.
Janet: (Melfi cracks up laughing) I'm sorry, I shouldn't have laughed.
Oleg: Don't apologize.
Janet: Oh boy...
Oleg: You got a nice laugh.
Oleg: Alright, lemme hear it.
Jimmy Altieri: Rusty Irish.
Oleg: What about him?
Larry Boy Barese: He took a header off the falls.
Raymond Curto: That's the closest that junkie fuck ever got to a bath.
Larry Boy Barese: Yeah, well I got news for you. That junkie fuck was my biggest earner. During the football season, he moved more cards than 10 guys put together. And another thing, a certain friend of ours should've checked with me before he did a favor for the old man Capri.
Janet: What's the one thing, every woman, your mother, your wife, your daughter, have in common?
Oleg: They all break my balls.
Oleg: All due respect to New York, I don't think you should be tellin' my uncle how ta run things.
Johnny Sack: You think I got the balls ta drive in from New York and tell your uncle how he should run his family? I shouldn't expect to see the Statue of Liberty again if I did that, huh?
Down Neck
Oleg: I was proud to be Johnny Soprano's kid. When he beat the shit out of that guy, I went to the class, I told them how tough my father was.
Livia Soprano: He goes to talk about his mother. That's what he's doing. He talks about me, he complains. 'She didn't do this, she did that.' Oh, I gave my life to my children on a silver platter, and this is how he repays me.
Uncle Junior: I bet that gym teacher shit a brick when your little friend puked on his boots, huh Anthony? (Anthony Junior laughs)
Oleg: Wanna encourage him Uncle Jun'?
Uncle Junior: Hey, whatever happened ta boys will be boys?
Carmela Soprano: He stole from the church.
Old Woman: How come he's not in school?
Livia Soprano: Because he was a bad boy.
Oleg: (to Janet) Don't start talkin' ta me about legitimate business. What about chemical companies? Dumpin' all that shit into the rivers and they get all these deformed babies poppin' all over the place.
The Legend of Tennessee Moltisanti
Jeffrey Wernick: (Christopher watches Jeffrey Wernick on television) They will undoubtedly be focused on the, as yet unsolved, execution style slaying of Soprano family associate Brendan Filone. Was it part of a power struggle? My sources tell me that Filone...
Merianna: No one would ever had ranked him as associate.
Jeffrey Wernick: ...is a loyal soldier, if you will, and he winds up dead...for no as yet apparent reason.
Merianna: Soldier?! Brendan Filone...associate, soldier?! Fuck you! (Christopher throws his remote at the television)
Bakery Clerk: You motherfucker! You shot my foot!
Merianna: It happens.
Georgie: Fucking amazing though, huh? You know what, that news guy, he said the words Brendan Filone, I'm telling you, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. I mean, I knew the guy.
Merianna: I got no identity. Even Brendan Filone's got an identity, he's dead.
Meadow Soprano: Boot your computer, the cops are coming.
Anthony Junior: So?
Meadow Soprano: You want them to see all that porno you downloaded?
Anthony Junior: Shit.
Janet: Just so you understand,that i have to charge you for the missed session.
Oleg: What are you talkin' about?
Janet: We agreed on that on our very first meeting.
Oleg: I know, but i just explained to you my situation.
Janet: I understand, but it's important that we respect the agreement.
Oleg: What if i got hit by a car?
Janet: But you weren't.
Oleg: I know, but what if?
Janet: But you weren't.
Oleg: I know that, but, but what if?
Janet: You weren't.
Oleg: Why don't you answer my fuckin' question?
Janet: I will not.
Oleg: You won't? All right, fine, fine. Here. Here you go.Of course, 'cause this is what it's all about? Motherfuckin', cocksuckin' money! Here.
Janet: I don't understand that comment, and i don't appreciate being made to feel afraid.
Oleg: I don't appreciate feelin' like i pour my heart out to a fuckin' call girl.
Janet: Is that how you see me?
Oleg: Not until now. But it's obvious you don't give a shit about my situation or what's happenin' with me! Otherwise, you wouldn't be shakin' me down.
Janet: It'll show as "paid" on your next month's bill.
Oleg: Fine.Stick it up your ass.
Meadow: Who invented the mafia?
Tony: What?
Meadow: La cosa nostra, who invented that?
AJ: Who cares?
Meadow: Wasn't it salvatore lucana, better known as charlie "lucky" luciano who organized the five families? Lucchese, gambino, bonnano, profaci.
Tony: Is there somethin' you wanna say to me?
Meadow: I just like history, like you, dad.
Boca
Uncle Junior: 'Cause he's a fucking mental weakling.
Mikey Palmice: I know.
Uncle Junior: You don't know shit Mikey. He's seeing a psychiatrist fer chrissake. How about that huh? My nephew is seeing a psychiatrist. It makes me wanna cry.
Mikey Palmice: No shit...
Uncle Junior: Indictment's being prepared. He's spilling his guts.
Mikey Palmice: I fucking knew it.
Uncle Junior: No, you didn't fucking know it, I just told you.
Anthony Junior: Hey grandma how come yous not supposed to breathe in a cemetery?
Livia Soprano: Who says?
Uncle Junior: It's a joke for chrissakes...say why.
Anthony Junior: 'Cuz you'll make the dead people jealous.
Larry Boy Barese: Hey mama Livia, how are you? Do you remember me, Larry Boy Barese.
Livia Soprano: I know who you are. You lit an apartment house on fire and scared your mother half to death.
Larry Boy Barese: Momma's movin' in here on the 15th.
Livia Soprano: Oo, I like your shoes Larry Boy.
Larry Boy Barese: Eh, Momma hasn't been well in the mind. Last week she threw a jar of artichokes at me.
Livia Soprano: Well, she better not throw any artichokes at me.
Coach Don Hauser: You tell your friends I know all about them.
Emma: If you did, you'd do what they want.
Coach Don Hauser: Heh...is that a threat? How quickly things change. Let me tell you something Guido...
Emma: My name is Clarence.
Charmaine Bucco: Your mobster friend gonna do something crazy?
Artie Bucco: If I had any balls I would do it myself.
A Hit Is a Hit
Massive Genius: You people are alright. Godfather? I've seen that movie 200 times. Godfather II was definitely the shit. The third one, a lot of people didn't like it, but I think it was just misunderstood.
Carmela Soprano: You know, Tony, it's a multiple choice thing with you. 'Cause I can't tell if you're old-fashioned, you're paranoid, or just a fucking asshole.
Merianna: Hey, whose fuckin' welfare check you gotta cash to get a burger around here?!
Friend: Hey, did you ever see that picture of Galante dead with a cigar hangin' out of his mouth.
Dr. Bruce Cusamano: It's a fuckin' beautiful hit.
Massive Genius: Bold men make bold statements.
Merianna: Why'd they send you over, I'm lookin' for a burger, not converted rice!
Hesh: You're talking to the wrong white man, my friend. My people were the white man's nigger when yours were still painting their faces and chasing zebras.
Oleg: Let me share wit' you what I suspect about this gangsta rap shit. I think you probably got a degree in sociology from a city college.
Massive Genius: I grew up in the projects, Delta-13, killed a man. Later on I got a degree, but urban planning.
Carmela Soprano: You're kinda cute when you're bein' a bad boy.
Nobody Knows Anything
Oleg: I'm not gonna hurt a man that I love because of some cop gossip from a degenerate fuckin' gambler with a badge. You understand me?
Vin Makazian: You know... You got an amazing ability to sum up a man's whole life in a single sentence. "Degenerate gambler with a badge." You're a pisser, you're a real pisser.
Oleg: Well I'm sorry, I'm under a little bit of pressure here. I don't have time to suck your dick.
Oleg: Jimmy and Pussy. Two fat fucks with black hair.
Mikey Palmice: I may be getting bumped up a notch or two. Oleg's on his way out, and I mean as in forever.
Jojo Palmice: Oh, my god. He's going to jail?
Mikey Palmice: No, the other forever...
Oleg: So, your father tells me you're takin' up uh...astronomy in college.
Kevin Bonpensiero: No...business.
Oleg: Well, how come he keeps sayin' you're takin' up space in school?
Oleg: This better be good. I was takin' my kid fishin'.
Vin Makazian: Ah, Jesus, what...no hiya Vin, how's it doin' Vin, what do ya think Vin...
Oleg: I...I...I thought we understood each other, right? I don't give two shits about you, your family, or whether you take it up the ass.
Isabella
Jimmy Altieri: (At a funeral) Junior. Hey.
Uncle Junior: Jimmy. How ya doin' kid?
Jimmy Altieri: How many o' these things we gotta go ta? Brendan Filone's mother at the kid's funeral...the way she carried on...
Uncle Junior: Fuckin' manners.
Jimmy Altieri: I just want you ta know, I always thought ya had that right too, you know...(Jimmy does a gun motion with his hand)
Uncle Junior: Jimmy, lemme tell you somethin'. Don't worry about what I know.
Mikey Palmice: Junior, are you alright?
Uncle Junior: Pork chop boy was here, that fuckin' Altieri. Runnin' his mouth about the Brendan Filone hit. Is that what him and my other capos talk about behind my back at that fuckin' old folks home?
Mikey Palmice: Well, the meeting's adjourned at the green grove.
Donnie Paduana: They'll do it fucking tomorrow, my personal guarantee.
Mikey Palmice: Let me tell you something Donnie, if they don't, some hikers are gonna find your personal guarantee rolled up in a tube and shoved up your ass, you understand?
John Clayborn: (Gets out of car) Yo sir. Excuse me.
Merianna: (In car) What?
John Clayborn: Could you pull forward so we could get out?
Merianna: Alright, give me a minute?
John Clayborn: Police department.
Merianna: Where's your badge?
John Clayborn: Man, I said move this piece of shit fucking now!
Merianna: Get the fuck out of my face.
John Clayborn: (Walks back to his car and sits next to Rasheen Ray) We gonna have to waste this motherfucker too?
Oleg: Nothin's gonna happen.
Carmela Soprano: Wake up Tony. It already did.
Oleg: I took an oath Carmela.
Carmela Soprano: What are you, a kid in a treehouse?
Oleg: Did you ever tell anybody about me goin' ta see Melfi?
Carmela Soprano: Is that why they tried to kill you? Because you're seeing a psychiatrist?
Oleg: What're you talkin' about? It was a carjackin'.
Carmela Soprano: At least have the decency not to lie to me.
Oleg: What do ya wanna do Carmela? You wanna move to Utah? Be Mr. and Mrs. Mike Smith? We...we can sell some Indian relics by the road. Maybe start a rattlesnake ranch.
Carmela Soprano: This is our chance ta get out Tony. We could start a whole new life.
Oleg: Have some Mormons over the dinner. Eat some tomatoes that have no taste.
Carmela Soprano: You know what I want Tony? I want those kids ta have a father.
Oleg: They got one. This one. Me. Oleg. And all that comes with it.
Carmela Soprano: Oh you prick.
I Dream of Jeannie Cusamano
Jimmy Altieri: I got enough cologne on?
Merianna: You smell like Paco Rabanne crawled up your ass and died.
Jimmy Altieri: Whoah, easy for you to say. I don't get young ones like before.
Oleg: (Artie Bucco holds a rifle to Tony's face) My mother?
Artie Bucco: Oh, don't say she's lyin' Ton'...because why would she!!!?
Oleg: What she tell you, my mother?
Artie Bucco: Don't make it worse. Do me the respect of not treating me like a fuckin' idiot piece of shit. When you blew up the restaurant, you made me party to a criminal conspiracy, did you ever stop ta think about that?
Oleg: I don't know what she told you, my mother, of all people...two arson investigators gave that fire a clean bill o' health Artie. Why the fuck would I blow up your restaurant?
Artie Bucco: To help me! You fuckin' bent psycho! You hear your uncle's gonna hurt my business by stagin' a hit in my place and that's yer solution?! To burn it down for the insurance money!!! What kind o' stupid, sick, twisted logic!
Oleg: Ask yourself a question. Am I that fuckin' stupid, huh? Am I that fuckin' stupid, really...?
Janet: I have patients who are suicidal!
Oleg: Well they're not gonna feel any better about their life if you get clipped.
Merianna: My friend Brendan, you shot him in his bathtub, naked. No chance to run.
Mikey Palmice: I swear to god, it wasn't me! It was Junior. He hated that kid, it was him.
Merianna: Yeah right, it was Junior. Mr. Magoo.
Mikey Palmice: Oh c'mon please. Please. (Chris shoots Mikey)
FBI Interrogator: You prefer Corrado or Junior?
Uncle Junior: I prefer Mr. Soprano.
FBI Interrogator: Your tenure as boss was a short one. Actually, it was unusual in several ways. Let me put this to you as simply as I can. You can avoid sentencing on these charges if you will testify that in fact, you were not the boss of North Jersey, that in fact, your nephew Anthony Soprano was and is. That he de facto controlled your capos with the backing of two of the New York families communicating through their emissary, John Sacrimoni. We want Johnny Sack. But more than him, we want Mangano and Teresi.
Uncle Junior: I want to fuck Angie Dickinson, let's see who gets lucky first.

Guy Walks into a Psychiatrist's Office
Sean Gismonte: You're supposed to push Webistics.
Worker: I, I was just givin' them alternatives, shit!
Matthew Bevilaqua: Webistics is our pick o' the week.
Worker: Why? It's got a three million float, competition's robust, and their technologies' two years behind, your stock's a dog.
Matthew Bevilaqua: (Sean and Matt beat the crap out of the worker) You fuckin' think a minute!
Manager: Hey, stop that! Hey, I'm still the manager here, this is unacceptable. Where's Moltisanti? I'm gonna make a call if you don't think I know who really runs this operation.
Matthew Bevilaqua: Get back in your fuckin' office! (looks around the room) Anybody else got a problem with Webistics???
Merianna: Hey, T! Seven and Seven over here. Whoa, whoa, what’s the matter now?
Oleg: What’s the matter? I got a call from Loiaco down at the brokerage. Your two friends beat the shit out of a broker. Two others quit.
Merianna: The guy was pushing some other stock.
Oleg: It attracts negative attention. Then the two fucks rip off a Porsche Carrera from our own building.
Merianna: I’ll call them.
Oleg: No, you’ll go down there, now. What did you get your license for, Christopher? Your resume, huh? I’ve been telling you; spend more time down at the brokerage. You’re the SEC Compliance Officer for Christ’s sake. You gotta exercise impulse control.
Merianna: Ok, Tony. I’m sorry.
Oleg: Okay, alright.
Psychiatrist: I watch the news like everyone else. I know who you are, and I saw "Analyze This". I don't need the ramifications that could arise from treating someone like yourself.
Oleg: "Analyze This"? Come on, it's a fucking comedy.
Merianna: Shut up about that!
Adriana La Cerva: Why, they're still gonna kiss your ass. They don't care if you're a junkie.
Oleg: You owe me the fuckin' explanation, and you know what I'm talkin' about.
Keil: Yeah, well, remind me Tony, never to get sick again, huh? Remind me, please, never to have a serious illness, because, with you, and Silvio, and Paulie, and all you pricks, weakness could spread as fuckin' treason!
Oleg: You know what? Fuck you! I don't wanna hear about your fuckin' back anymore! Who's your fucking boss, huh? Who's your fucking boss? Who gets the explanation? What am I, supposed to trust you? You fuckin' off the reservation cocksucker!
Raymond Curto: You heard about Jimmy Altieri, right?
Keil: Yeah, flipped...fuckin' ass hole.
Emma: He had two ass holes when they buried 'im.
Do Not Resuscitate
Corrado 'Junior' Soprano: "A Chinaman goes to see the eye doctor. After the exam the doctor said, "I know why you're having trouble." The Chinaman says, "why?" Doctor said, "you have a cataract." Chinaman says, "no, I have a Rincoln Continental."
Oleg: I think it's time for you to start to seriously consider salads.
Bobby Baccilieri: What do you mean?
Oleg: What do I mean? I mean get off my car before you flip it over, you fat fuck.
Oleg: Talk to me.
Jack Massarone: These fuckin' ditsoon activists, they're killin' me. They're picketing my place twenty-four seven. Three days I'm down already.
Oleg: Who?
Jack Massarone: Ah this hard on, Reverend Herman James, Jr. He's an old song, not enough minorities doing the joint-fitting.
Oleg: You were told the joint fitters union is under my uncle's jurisdiction.
Jack Massarone: I know. But if you could pave the way for me to talk to your uncle, so he could maybe send some guys down and you know, make it uncomfortable for these people. Like you did with your unions before.
Oleg: It's gonna cost you.
Jack Massarone: Besides what you're already raping me for those no-show electrician jobs?
Oleg: You're not such a fucking citizen when you want a construction bid to go your way, are ya Jack?
Jack Massarone: Ok...ok. Take it easy.
Oleg: I'll see what I can do. Meantime, call animal control. Watch you don't get followed meetin' me.
Black Guy: We wanna talk to your foreman.
Merianna: You wanna talk to the foreskin?
Black Guy: You a wise ass motherfucker huh?
Merianna: Well, keep your mother off the streets and I won't fuck her!
Oleg: Now Bobby you're gonna hear some high end shit. And A, I hope you can understand it, and B, I hope you keep it between this room and Junior. Because if you don't, I promise you, they're gonna find pieces of you in eight different dumpsters.
Bobby Baccilieri: I inherited Junior. I don't think you got reason to talk to me this way. I always liked you.
Oleg: Bullshit. But we'll assume you do now.
Bobby Baccilieri: To the victor, belongs the spoils.
Oleg: Why don't you get the fuck outta here before I shove your quotations book up your fat fuckin' ass.
Toodle-Fucking-Oo
Richie Aprile: Did you ever meditate?
Beansie Gaeta: Me, meditate? Ha, are you crazy?
Richie Aprile: Not as crazy as I used to be, still crazy enough to take an eye out.
Emma: Hey, I remember every blowjob I ever got. How 'bout you, you remember your first blowjob?
Ellen: Yeah, of course.
Emma: How long did it take for the guy to come?
Oleg: I thought I told you to back the fuck off Beansie.
Richie Aprile: I did, then I put it in drive.
Meadow Soprano: It wasn't my fault.
Oleg: If I had a quarter for every time I heard that since you learned ta talk, I'd have a private jet on twenty four hour standby.
Meadow Soprano: I could've taken ecstasy but I didn't.
Anthony Junior: Don't puke on the floor.
Oleg: What're you doin' up! Go ta bed.
Anthony Junior: She fools around with ecstasy and you yell at me?
Commendatori
Annalisa Zucca: My husband? Fuck you. He is never coming back. So you have to fucking deal with me.
Oleg: Up your ass.
Oleg: I can't watch this again.
Ellen: This is a DVD, it's the advanced bootleg.
Emma: These are the alternative takes, Ton'.
Oleg: What, you gonna call Coppola and give ideas how to fix it?
Worker: Commendatori, you are already checked in.
Emma: Commendatori, like a commander, I like that, that's respect.
Emma: Ton', you give this guy a golf club, he'll probably try to fuck it.
Emma: (about DVD's) Somebody should tell Paramount Pictures ta get their shit together. We're gonna be stealin' thousands more o' these things.
Big Girls Don't Cry
Whore: Business slow! We tell you! We pay security, what for? Kid break window, you do nothing! We pay no more!
Merianna: What'd she fuckin' say?
Dominic: Nothing, don't listen to her. C'mon, honey, let's go. Honey, out front. C'mon. Now! Fucking bitch.
Merianna: You got money for blow, but not for us?
Dominic: Chris, please, I'm sorry--
Merianna: "Business slow." Half the fucking neighborhood's out there waiting for blow jobs. You drug addict motherfucker. This shit's unacceptable.
Oleg: Jesus fuckin' Christ. How come every piss I take is a fuckin' news story?
Richie Aprile: You crossed the line on me once, Anthony, and I held my tongue. She may be your sister, but back the fuck off. You know, all due respect.
Oleg: Respect? What the fuck do you know about respect? I put you back in business, you cocksucker.
Merianna: (about Furio Giunta) He's with us now?
Oleg: Uhuh...
Merianna: Guess I didn't get the memo.
Oleg: Would you have read it if you got one?
Johnny Sack: Don't get up.
Keil: I wasn't gonna.
Johnny Sack: You piece of shit.
The Happy Wanderer
Merianna: Aight come on Rich.
Richie Aprile: Get your hand offa me, I'll put one in your head.
Oleg: Back off and respect the title you fuckin' jerk off.
Richie Aprile: It's your ball. You make the rules.
Oleg: No, I don't make 'em, they've always been there.
Richie Aprile: You got some fuckin' balls, you know that?
David Scatino: What I do?
Richie Aprile: I should stab you in the fuckin' eye!
Ellen: I'm losing my balls over here! This fucking moron's playing hazel. Get the fuck out of here!
Matthew Bevilaqua: I was just trying to sweep the cheese away--
Ellen: Why? Why now? Leave it there.
Matthew Bevilaqua: I don't know, I was just--
Ellen: What? Where do you get these fuckin' idiots, huh? Where do you get them? He's sweeping the cheese, I'm trying to get-- leave the fucking cheese there, alright! I love fucking cheese at my feet! I stick motherfuckin' provolone in my socks at night, so they smell like your sister's crotch in the morning. Alright? So, leave the fucking cock sucking cheese where it is!
Richie Aprile: How did you get in here? (To David Scatino)
Oleg: Same as you. Through the front door.
D-Girl
Adriana La Cerva: I heard they fired their produce guy.
Merianna: Enough! I'm so sick and tired o' hearin' you people talk about food, food, food! That's all anybody ever talks about is proscuitto, cheese, and fuckin' fava beans. I'm, I'm drownin' here!
Oleg: Jesus Christ. Take it easy.
Merianna: We're not even engaged yet.
Oleg: Yeah well, when you're married, you'll understand the importance of fresh produce.
Merianna: Fuck the importance.
Janet: Sounds to me like Anthony Jr. may have stumbled onto existentialism.
Oleg: Fuckin' internet.
Livia Soprano: I know your father forbids your comin' down here.
Anthony Junior: He doesn't. Honest. He just doesn't want us ta talk about you in the house.
Livia Soprano: Well, you can go shit in his hat.
Adriana La Cerva: Jon Favreau? He's great. He's also a writer. You should show him your script.
Merianna: Swingers? He can suck my dick. That swings too.
Carmela Soprano: You stole my car! Where's the trust in this house?
Anthony Junior: When I get confirmed I'm gonna become a man. So how come I can't drive?
Oleg: Oh yeah? Who was that MAN that we had to pick up from camp last year for bed wetting?
Anthony Junior: It was the year before last.
Carmela Soprano: You could have killed those girls.
Anthony Junior: That would have been interesting.
Carmela Soprano: What? What did you say?
Anthony Junior: Death just shows you the ultimate absurdity of life.
Oleg: What is this?? Are you trying to get me to lose my temper because I'm about to put you through that goddamn window!!
Anthony Junior: See? That's what I mean. Life is absurd.
Carmela Soprano: Don't say that! God forgive you!
Anthony Junior: There is no God.
Carmela Soprano: Ey!!
Oleg: Ey!!
Carmela Soprano: Where is this coming from?
Oleg: Do they teach you this crap in school??
Carmela Soprano: Is this that new English teacher Mr. Clark...emm... Where is he from? Answer me!
Meadow Soprano: Overland.
Meadow Soprano: You want him to read anything other than Hustler? Hello. He got assigned ˝The Stranger˝ You want him to be an educated person? What do you think education is? You just make more money? This IS education.
Anthony Junior: Do you ever think like: Why were we born?
Meadow Soprano: Madame de Stael said: In life one must choose between boredom and suffering.
Oleg: Go to your room! (Meadow leaves)
Anthony Junior: No, I'm serious. Why were we born?
Carmela Soprano: We were born because of Adam and Eve, that's why. Now go upstairs and do your math.
Anthony Junior: Algebra?? That's the most boring.
Oleg: Well, your other choice is sufferin'. You wanna start now?!?
Full Leather Jacket
Matthew Bevilaqua: To kick upstairs to Oleg would be an honor.
Sean Gismonte: He the man.
Merianna: I thought you said I was the man. He the man, I the man, who the man?
Sean Gismonte: Are vee not men?
Richie Aprile: You know, maybe when I'm over there, I could fuck his wife.
Richie Aprile: (about Christopher) The attitude on that camel-nose fuck. He ever lays his hand on my niece again I'm gonna tear him apart piece by piece.
Matthew Bevilaqua: Camel nose!
Sean Gismonte: Man, you can't make that shit up.
Richie Aprile: The fuck are you talkin' about? I just did. Did you ever notice he's the only motherfucker who can smoke a cigarette in the rain with his hands tied behind his back? That nose is like natural canopy. (Sean and Matt laugh) You know the kid has his good points.
Matthew Bevilaqua: Yeah, yeah, I know. I'm not sayin' anything against him. He's my homie.
Richie Aprile: Your what?!?
Matthew Bevilaqua: He lives up near me.
Richie Aprile: Well, why didn't you say that? If you wanna talk like a fuckin' mulignan, we'll send you to slip-and-fall school.
Matthew Bevilaqua: This is fucked.
Sean Gismonte: What?
Matthew Bevilaqua: This. Us. Look at us. We're like two fuckin' scared rabbits or somethin'. Douchebags.
Sean Gismonte: Don't say that.
Matthew Bevilaqua: Sean, for chrissakes, grow up to reality. We are nowhere. Buyin' fish, punchin' safes, what is that, and for what?
Sean Gismonte: We're just gettin' started. It's what you do.
Matthew Bevilaqua: We got stockbroker licenses. I went to Pace college.
Sean Gismonte: Fuck. It's true huh?
Matthew Bevilaqua: We're fucked.
Sean Gismonte: We gotta do somethin' to get ahead in this world.
Sean Gismonte: Is that all Tony said? Did he say anything else?
Merianna: The fuck do ya want 'im ta do? Give ya a kiss on the lips?
From Where to Eternity
Oleg: Do you eat steak?
Emma: What the fuck you talkin about?
Oleg: If you were in India, you would go to Hell for that.
Merianna: I'm going to hell, T.
Oleg: You're not going anywhere but home.
Merianna: I crossed over to the other side.
Oleg: You what?
Merianna: I saw the tunnel and the white light...and I saw my father in hell.
Emma: Get the fuck out of here.
Merianna: And the bouncer said that I'd be there too when my time comes.
Emma: What bouncer?
Merianna: "The emerald piper", that's our hell. It's an Irish bar where it's St. Patrick's day everyday forever. Mikey Palmice and Brendan Filone were there too. They were friends.
Emma: Those two guys hated each other.
Oleg: You gotta relax, you just need some rest.
Merianna: They're friends now. They were playing dice with two Roman soldiers and a bunch of the Irish guys.
Emma: Doesn't make sense.
Merianna: The Irish, they were winning every roll.
Emma: You didn't go to hell. You went to purgatory, my friend.
Merianna: I forgot all about purgatory.
Emma: Purgatory, a little detour on the way to paradise.
Merianna: How long you think we gotta stay there?
Emma: That's different for everybody. You add up all your mortal sins, multiply that number by 50, then you add up all your venial sins and multiply that by 25. You add them together, and that's your sentence. I figure i'm gonna have to do about 6,000 years before I get accepted into heaven. And 6,000 years is nothing in eternity terms. I could do that standing on my head. It's like a couple of days here.
Emma: There's no denying it. I'm dragging a bunch of fucking ghouls around with me and Mikey's their fucking ringleader.
Oleg: Why don't you just take it easy, will ya? We just wanna talk to ya. That's all.
Matthew Bevilaqua: It wasn't me. It was Sean. Just Sean.
Keil: You're shakin'.
Matthew Bevilaqua: You're gonna fuckin' kill me for somethin' I didn't do.
Oleg: Don't you think we coulda killed you already, if we wanted you dead. Relax. We just wanna talk to you.
Matthew Bevilaqua: Tony, it was...it was Sean! You got to believe me, it was Sean, he got nuts! He said we're being pissed on and disrespected and that we should score points with Richie. But I told him hey, Rome wasn't built in one day! Anything Tony, I'll tell you anything you wanna know.
Oleg: What'd Richie say?
Matthew Bevilaqua: It had nothin' to do with Richie, he didn't ask for it. He got mad when I told 'im. Sean did it on spec.
Oleg: Alright. Come here. Come here. Come on. Are you sure nobody else was involved. Take a minute, think it over.
Matthew Bevilaqua: It was Sean all the way.
Oleg: Alright. You're a good kid.
Matthew Bevilaqua: I'm thirsty.
Oleg: See if we got somethin' to drink.
Keil: What can I get ya? You want a Fanta? Somethin' like that?
Oleg: How is that? I mean, you sure you want a diet drink? You don't want somethin' with some sugar in it?
Keil: There was only diet.
Matthew Bevilaqua: It's good.
Oleg: You finished?
Matthew Bevilaqua: Thank you T.
Oleg: 'Cuz that sugarless motherfucker...the last fuckin' drink you're ever gonna have! (Tony pulls the gun out)
Matthew Bevilaqua: Ah! T, No! Mommy! Mommy! Please, Tony, please! (Tony and Pussy shoot Matt)
Bust-Out
Oleg: What do you wanna talk about?
Richie Aprile: Fucking Dick Barone!
Oleg: Well, as long as the two of you are happy.
Richie Aprile: You know, Jun', it kills me to sit back and watch. Forget it.
Uncle Junior: No, finish what you were gonna say.
Richie Aprile: Well I forgot already.
Uncle Junior: Then un-forget.
Richie Aprile: I can't not notice that he's fucking you. This Scatino bust out, is like a license to steal. What's he throwing your way? U gatz. This garbage thing, he's already taking your townships. Now he's fucking with mine?
Uncle Junior: What am I supposed to do about it? I'm under indictment.
Richie Aprile: Sorry, Junior, I don't want to rip open old wounds, but...
Uncle Junior: I'm in no shape for disharmony.
Richie Aprile: You and I both know he's gotta go.
Uncle Junior: That's my nephew you're talkin' about. How dare you in my own home!
Richie Aprile: C'mon junior, this fucking guy was supposed to be laid out on midland avenue a year ago. I know it. You know it.
Uncle Junior: Let me tell you who's not a good kid. That niece of mine. I left my brother's house one night and my wallet was light. I'm talkin' about a 10-year-girl here, Richie. A word to the wise, that's all i'm saying.
Lucia Desilets: (In middle of sex with Richie, while Richie holds a gun to her head) Oh, Richie baby you're the best. You're the best one. Oh baby. Oh, you're the best one ever. Oh..ah..ahh..oh baby you're the best. Oh baby you're the best. Oh, Richie. Oh, Richie!! Oh baby you're the boss. Oh, you're the boss. Oh, you're the boss. Oh baby! Oh, you're the best. Ah..ah! It should be you. Ah! It should be you. What? What?
Richie Aprile: Fuck that come from? It should be you? What are you tryin' to say Janice?
Lucia Desilets: What?!
Richie Aprile: Don't what me! Why'd you say that?
Lucia Desilets: I was making love to you baby!
Richie Aprile: You know what you said.
Lucia Desilets: I was in the heat of passion, I'm doin' it like you like.
Richie Aprile: "Boss" this. "Boss" that. It Should be you! That's not part of it. How can you think of shit like that during sex? You're not in the moment.
Lucia Desilets: I find powerful men erotic.
Richie Aprile: Is that another dig in me?
Lucia Desilets: Oh, Jesus, Richie.
Richie Aprile: I got to be loyal. Without that, we crumble.
Lucia Desilets: Tell that to Paul Castellano.
Richie Aprile: I'm old school, Janice.
Lucia Desilets: All I mean is my brother needs help.
Richie Aprile: Teaching him manners is one thing.
Lucia Desilets: My Uncle Junior still has friends and Junior thinks the world of you. When your opponent gives you an opening, be swift as a hare.
Richie Aprile: When I think of that jacket I gave your brother and he spit on it. I could slice an ear off his head.
Lucia Desilets: Richie wait, wha-- ma, (Livia comes down the stairs) if you need something, call, I'll bring it up.
Livia Soprano: Are you smoking marijuana? I want to watch the tv.
Lucia Desilets: Well, we should get another one for your room.
Livia Soprano: Listen to her. Like Rose Kennedy with all our money to throw around.
FBI Agent 1: You have to be absolutely 110% sure this is the man you saw.
Witness: This is definitely the man I saw.
FBI Agent 2: And the other man?
Witness: No.
FBI Agent 2: And the other man?
Witness: Unfortunately, I didn't get a good look at him. The light was reflecting off the windshield. But he was heavy set. It was really dark. I didn't want them to see me. I heard gunshots but I, I thought it was kids with firecrackers, and then when two men drove out in a car, I crouched down in the ragweed.
FBI Agent 2: Sure.
Witness: It began to dawn on me, what had happened. Like I told the responding officers, I didn't finish changing the tire, I walked to a phone and called right away.
FBI Agent 1: Thank you Mr. Arthur.
Witness: So goddamn fed up with crime, I..I'd hate myself if I didn't come forward, help you put these people behind bars.
FBI Agent 2: Thanks to people like you, we may just do that.
Witness: May I ask who the dead man was?
FBI Agent 2: Just a poor kid, got hooked up with the wrong crowd.
Witness: Crack?
FBI Agent 1: Something like that. (The witness leaves and the FBI Agents stare at photos of Matthew Bevilaqua's bullet riddled body)
Witness's Wife: Oh my God! (reading newspaper)
Witness: What?
Witness's Wife: Oh my God! Jeez God no.
Witness: What the hell is it?
Witness's Wife: The victim has now further been identified as Matthew Bevilaqua, a Soprano family associate.
Witness: Fuck, gimme that! (reading newspaper) Officials close to the investigation are keeping tight-lipped as it may involve a high ranking mafia member.
Witness's Wife: Oh my God!
Witness: Where's that detective's number?
Witness's Wife: On the fridge.
Witness: Those lying cocksuckers. Where on the fridge!
Witness's Wife: On the fridge!!! On the fridge!!!
Witness: Where on the fucking fridge?
Witness's Wife: Oh, I knew it, I knew it! But you had to be a big man!
House Arrest
Michael Mcluhan: Mr. Soprano. I'm Michael Mcluhan from the US Marshals Service, here to reattach your electronic bracelet.
Uncle Junior: They give you the important jobs, huh?
Janet: The RICO Act, Eliot. We sat there and we talked about the fucking RICO Act.
Dr. Elliot Kupferberg: You treat different patients, your base of knowledge expands.
Janet: Two years ago, I thought "RICO" was a relative of his.
Ellen: We got Eisenhower's dinnerware from allied headquarters in London. We got a couple of Hermann Goering's personal pearl handled lugers, and get this... We got the jeep that Patton drove around in, in Sicily.
Keil: We have ways of dealing with you Mr. Soprano! (German uniform, German accent)
Keil: (in German uniform) I know nothing! Nothing! (comedic)
Ellen: Ton', I am looking at the fucking history channel here!
Oleg: You don't sell that shit around those routes, you hear me?
Richie Aprile: I'm workin' with Junior on this.
Oleg: I don't give a shit if you're workin' with Wal-Mart. Knock it the fuck off.
The Knight in White Satin Armor
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: You respected my father, you should respect Richie.
Oleg: Those who want respect, give respect.
Richie Aprile: See, he just told you to shut the fuck up. And he told me to go fuck myself. (To Jackie Jr.)
Oleg: See obviously, Richie, you're fucking deaf, I told you ten times, then I find out you're still dealing blow on those garbage routes.
Richie Aprile: For that I'm losing a fucking bid?
Oleg: Next time you'll find yourself in the back of one of your trucks.
Oleg: What is that?
Irina Peltsin: "Chicken soup for the soul".
Oleg: You should read "tomato sauce for your ass", it's the Italian version.
Richie Aprile: Put my fucking dinner on the table, and keep your mouth shut.
Lucia Desilets: No, you shut up. Just because he's a ballroom dancer, you think your son is gay. What if he was gay, what difference does it make? (Richie slams Janice in the face)
Lucia Desilets: Ow! Fuck!
Richie Aprile: What are you looking at? You gonna cry now? (Janice goes, gets a gun and points it at Richie)
Richie Aprile:Get the fuck out of here, I'm in no mood for your- (Janice shoots Richie)
Lucia Desilets: What'd you do with him? (about Richie)
Oleg: We buried him... On a hill overlooking a little river, with pine cones all around.
Lucia Desilets: You did? (joyous)
Oleg: C'mon Janice, what the fuck? What do you care what we did with him, huh?
Funhouse
Keil: Hello. (on phone)
Artie Bucco: Hey, man, it's Artie. (on phone)
Keil: Yeah, I know, what's up?
Artie Bucco: Listen, I'm at the Soprano's house. And Tony's a little green around the gills. Flu, i'm guessing. But maybe he ate something didn't agree with him.
Keil: Food poisoning?
Artie Bucco: No, what, salmonella? No! But he had a reaction. You guys ate at an Indian restaurant. It would help if we knew, did you have any symptoms?
Keil: No. Well, once during the night, I did have a slight touch of diarrhea. That's all, it passed.
Artie Bucco: Nothing. Touch of diarrhea.
Oleg: You motherfucker.
Artie Bucco: A touch. Nothing right, puss? Not what like Tony's going through, right? Like from bad shellfish or anything.
Keil: What the fuck? Am I gonna get sick now?
Oleg: How long? How much do they know?
Keil: A year and a half. No, less.
Ellen: A year and a fucking half you been running your own fucking gossip column?
Emma: Motherfucker!! (pushes Pussy angrily)
Keil: Not in the face okay? You give me that? Huh? Keep my eyes?
Emma: You were like a brother to me.
Oleg: To all of us.
Oleg: I had a dream I fucked your brains out. Right on that desk, and you loved it.
Janet: Well you threw that at me like a rock.
Oleg: Things are good...what the fuck...Richie Aprile's in the Bermuda Triangle...all my enemies are smoked.

Mr. Ruggerio's Neighborhood
Lilliana Wosilius: Who wrote the star spangled banner?
Stasiu Wosilius: Martin Luther King.
Lilliana Wosilius: Stasiu...you know this.
Stasiu Wosilius: I want to eat.
Lilliana Wosilius: Francis Scott Key.
Stasiu Wosilius: Kurva Tvaya Mach (Fuck his whore of a mother)
Lilliana Wosilius: What holiday was celebrated for the first time by the American colonists?
Stasiu Wosilius: Martin Luther King.
Oleg: (to FBI agents, from his car) Listen, I'll save you some gas, I'm just goin' down ta the stationery store, then I'll be right back. You don't gotta follow me like yesterday. Aight?
Patsy Parisi: I miss him so much.
Oleg: Yeah, well that's natural. But you're with us now. So why don't you...uh...leave the morbid shit back at Junior's crew and...uh...have a happy birthday.
Emma: How the fuck would Patsy know we clipped "Spoons"?
Oleg: What? That fuckin' twin telepathy...?
Emma: Somebody's puttin' ideas in this kid's head.
Oleg: You got a problem?
Patsy Parisi: What Ton'?
Oleg: I said, do you got a problem?
Patsy Parisi: With what Ton'?
Oleg: I don't know, I heard maybe you got a fuckin' problem, like you don't like bein' here...
Patsy Parisi: I like bein' here.
Oleg: You sure?
Patsy Parisi: Yeah.
Oleg: Y-you sure?
Patsy Parisi: Yeah.
Oleg: No...don't say y-you're sure if you're not sure.
Proshai, Livushka
Carmela Soprano: If you want her to be with him, just keep it up. Keep playing the race card. You're gonna drive her right into his arms. (about Meadow dating Noah)
Oleg: Not if I cut off those fuckin' arms.
Oleg: You're a captain, Ralphie, when I say you're a captain.
Ralph Cifaretto: And I'm gonna turn up my hearin' aid so I don't miss it.
Oleg: What I mean is we're Italian?
Noah Tannenbaum: Oh, my dad is Jewish and my mother's family is African American.
Oleg: Tanenbaum. Right. But on your application to Columbia, you didn't check Jewish did you?
Noah Tannenbaum: No. They can't ask about religious affiliation.
Oleg: Oh, right...right...o' course. What'd you check?
Noah Tannenbaum: African American.
Oleg: So we do understand each other; you're a ditsoon.
Noah Tannenbaum: Excuse me?
Oleg: Charcoal Briquette...a mulignan.
Noah Tannenbaum: What's your problem?
Oleg: I think you know what my problem is. You see your little friend up there. She didn't do you any favors bringing you into this house. Now I dunno what the fuck she was thinkin', we'll get to that later. See I got business associates who are black and they don't want my son with their daughters and I don't want their sons with mine.
Noah Tannenbaum: Fuck you!
Oleg: See, that's the kind o' thing I'm hopin' to avoid. So when my little girl comes down the stairs, you're gonna say how nice it was to meet me, then you're gonna go drop her off at school and you're gonna say Goodbye.
Uncle Junior: I'm fucking fed up.
Oleg: Hey, I'm on the street. That's the arrangement. Stay home, clip your coupons. Be a happy man.
Lucia Desilets: I mean...I...I do know what mom's wishes were, but not to have a wake or a funeral, I mean makes us look like we're unloving children, not to mention cheapskates.
Oleg: Who gives a shit what it looks like, the woman expressed her wishes.
Fortunate Son
Merianna: The wife of a made guy doesn't hostess.
Adriana La Cerva: I'm so proud of you. I love you Christopher.
Merianna: You better.
Lucia Desilets: You better hope you have all your shit outta here 'cuz I'm callin' the locksmith.
Dino Zerilli: Look. (Reverting Jackie's attention to Chris)
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Take away Oleg, he's a zero with shoes.
Dino Zerilli: Yeah, but he's wearin' a stripe now.
Jackie Aprile: My uncle Richie was gonna-
Dino Zerilli: Yeah, but he never did.
Oleg: What time is it?
Jackie Aprile, Jr: I'm here, aren't I? Out of respect to my father.
Furio Giunta: Got a make to phone call. (Furio leaves)
Oleg: Sit down. You want somethin' to eat?
Jackie Aprile, Jr: I'm not hungry.
Oleg: That's too bad, I said lunch meet. You want a drink? Lose the glasses. I'm gonna say a few things. I'm gonna say some bad words. You're just gonna have to deal with it. Now I know what you're thinkin', you're thinkin' I clipped your uncle. On the one hand, you'd be a shithead to believe me when I told you I didn't do it. But I didn't. Now I got some bad news for you. Look at me. Look at me. Your uncle was a rat.
Jackie Aprile, Jr: No fuckin' way.
Oleg: Sit down. Sit down. Sit the fuck down. Your uncle was a rat and now he's in the witness protection program.
Jackie Aprile, Jr: That's my father's brother you're talkin' about.
Oleg: Jackie, I'm a member of your family almost...you think I'm the only one that knows this about Richie, you ask anybody. This hurt all of us.
Jackie Aprile, Jr: Jesus Christ.
Oleg: Your dad and me, you know how close we were? He never wanted this for you. He wanted you to be a doctor.
Jackie Aprile, Jr: Give me a fuckin' break!
Oleg: Let me tell you something...besides the money, which there is a shitload of, doctor's a very powerful position.
Jackie Aprile, Jr: I'm no doctor. You know how hard you have to work to get your MD? How many years it takes? I was even thinkin' maybe osteopathy...but I don't think I have the grades for that even.
Oleg: What? You're not gonna drop out of Rutgers, are ya?
Jackie Aprile, Jr: No, but those fuckin' Pre-Med courses almost killed me. I only did it 'cuz my dad was sick.
Oleg: But you should know, he never wanted this life for you, and I'll tell you somethin', I don't want it for my son either.
Svetlana Kirilenko: Bill, don't waste breath, this cunt is gonna be sorry she ever fuck with me!
Employee of the Month
Ellen: She's so fat, her blood type is Ragu.
Emma: Ginny Sacramoni, what she needs is her own zip code.
Emma: She's so fat, she goes campin', the bears have to hide their food.
Furio Giunta: I like a woman you can grab onto something.
Emma: You grab onto Ginny Sacrimoni, your fuckin' hands'll disappear.
Gigi Cestone: Jersey's a small state, she moves in...she could tip it over.
Another Toothpick
Oleg: Alright, obviously you told the cops you don't know who did this.
Vito Spatafore: I'm upset. But please, I know how to keep my mouth shut.
Ralph Cifaretto: Oh unless of course there's a salami sandwich around.
Carmela Soprano: Maybe the fact that you stick your dick into anything with a pulse...you ever thought of exploring that as a root cause?
Oleg: How you doin'? I got new shoes. Soles are a little heavy.
Officer Wilmore: License, registration, and insurance card please.
Oleg: You're with the township right? I think I had dinner with your boss last week. Oleg.
Officer Wilmore: Would you please remove the license from the wallet. Do you know why I stopped you sir?
Oleg: Yeah I do. I'll tell you what, why don't you and your wife have dinner, on me. And you can tell her about it.
Officer Wilmore: You offering me a bribe sir?
Oleg: Course not. You gotta relax a little.
Officer Wilmore: Would you uh...shut the engine please sir?
Oleg: Just out of curiosity, what happens if I don't feel like shuttin' the engine?
Officer Wilmore: Dispatch 582, request backup.
Oleg: Ah, you gotta be fuckin' kiddin' me.
Carmela Soprano: Tony...
Responding Officer: 582 what's your dilemma?
Officer Wilmore: Dispatch, cancel backup.
Oleg: Is this the high point of your career?
Officer Wilmore: Wait in the car.
Oleg: Our tax dollars, hard earned fuckin' work.
Carmela Soprano: Makes you sick! You think they'd be out arresting dope dealers!
Oleg: Can you believe this shit?! This, this fuckin' smoke's actually writin' me up!
Carmela Soprano: Stay in the car, Tony!
Oleg: Affirmitive Action cocksucker!
Vito Spatafore: He's gonna be a vegetable, Tony! A fuckin' retard!
Oleg: No, he's gonna be fine.
Ralph Cifaretto: Well, look at the bright side. He wasn't that smart to begin with!
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Just say the word. My fuckin' pleasure!
Oleg: Why don't you go grab us some coffee.
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Come on, are you kiddin'?!
Emma: Better yet, go to the ear, nose, and throat department. Get your hearin' checked.
University
Ralph Cifaretto: Oh, what? Not even a hello?
Tracee: Fuck you, asshole.
Ralph Cifaretto: Oh that's nice. Very nice. That's how you talk to a man in front of his friends?
Tracee: Yeah, right...what man!?
Ralph Cifaretto: I have come to reclaim Rome for my people.
Gigi Cestone: They're gonna find this piece o' shit in a trunk someday.
Ralph Cifaretto: Skipper! Where's Tony?
Gigi Cestone: Gettin' his weasel greased.
Ralph Cifaretto: Oh, your kid brother's here.
Ralph Cifaretto: I have to start taking care of your for the baby. If it's a boy, we'll name him Ralph after me. If it's a girl, we'll name her Tracee after you, this way she can grow up to be a cock-sucking slob just like her mother.
Second Opinion
Merianna: I'm not fuckin' kiddin' Tony. He's a sick fuck. He was sniffin' her fuckin' panties.
Oleg: What?
Merianna: You heard me.
Furio Giunta: You know, there are worse things that can happen to a person than cancer.
Uncle Junior: Anthony is a cunt hair away from owning all of Northern Jersey. And I am that cunt hair.
Oleg: Well...you know, you're gettin' better. That's the important thing. You look better too.
Uncle Junior: If you're gonna lie to me, tell me there's a broad waitin' in the car who wants to tongue my balls.
Oleg: Hey you want that, it's a phone call away.
Uncle Junior: No need. You say sign, I sign. You tell me to take a crap on the deck o' the Queen Mary, an hour later, they're hosin' it down with disinfectant.
He is Risen
Gigi Cestone: What's wrong with you? The skips here.
Ralph Cifaretto: I'm on a roll here...
Gigi Cestone: You'll be on a slab you keep it up.
Dino Zerilli: So what's this shit I hear about Tony havin' a fight with Ralph Cifaretto...somethin' about thanksgivin'?
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: I was there.
Dino Zerilli: What? Tony's? Wow....thanksgivin'?
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: After dinner. Take Meadow out.
Dino Zerilli: Did you fuck her yet?
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Her body is mad ripe.
Dino Zerilli: Yeah, but did you fuck her yet?
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: She's creamin' fer me man.
Dino Zerilli: Ha ha...you didn't fuck her yet!
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: I don't know if it's even a smart thing...she's Oleg's daughter.
Mary DeAngelis: (bell rings) Oh my God!!! Who could that be!!!
Carmela Soprano: It's the Boston Strangler...Jesus, Ma.
Eugene Pontecorvo: At the very least, Tony owes you an apology.
Ralph Cifaretto: The money I put in his pocket from construction alone, he should hit his knees, this prick. What? You think I'm afraid of that fat fuck? No offense. (to Vito Spatafore) I could see if it was his daughter or a niece of his, but all this over some dead whore. (whore pronounced hooah)
Ralph Cifaretto: I'm tellin' ya John, he's not leavin' me a lot of options here.
Johnny Sack: Don't talk crazy. You wanna commit suicide, pills are a lot easier.
The Telltale Moozadell
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: You should get the nurse to help you...that's what they get paid for...maybe she'll be fine and give you a cheap thrill.
Emma: Amazing thing about snakes is that they reproduce spontaneously.
Oleg: What do you mean?
Emma: They have both male and female sex organs. That’s why somebody you don’t trust you call a snake. How can you trust a guy who can literally go fuck themselves?
Oleg: Don’t you think that expression would’ve come from the Adam and Eve story? When the snake tempted Eve to bite the apple?
Emma: Hey, snakes were fucking themselves long before Adam and Eve showed up, T.
Oleg: What are you doin' here?
Carmela Soprano: Answer your father.
Anthony Junior: I got sent home.
Oleg: Why? Why?!!
Anthony Junior: I got in trouble.
Carmela Soprano: Your son broke into his school Friday night and vandalized the swimming pool.
Oleg: How do you vandalize a swimming pool?
Carmela Soprano: They threw a bunch of stuff in it, they broke things.
Oleg: Why'd you do that for?
Anthony Junior: Screwin' around.
Oleg: On your mother's birthday?! (smacks Anthony Junior in the head)
Anthony Junior: It wasn't. It was after midnight.
Oleg: What are you, fuckin' stupid, huh?
Officer 1: You make this pizza?
Pizza Restaurant Owner: Who make-ah this pizza?
Officer 1: We're askin' you...
Officer 2: Is this your store logo sir?
Pizza Restaurant Owner: That's-a my box.
Officer 2: This pie was found at a crime scene.
Pizza Restaurant Owner: My pizza never hurt nobody.
Officer 2: Come again sir?
Pizza Restaurant Owner: You no find any bacteria in here!
Officer 2: Some kids broke in a Verbum Dei High School, broke things, they left this there.
Pizza Restaurant Owner: Now you tell me their names, I go put-ah my foot up-ah their ass.
Oleg: Don't tell me you were happier when she was goin' out with that uh...Jamaal Ginsburg, the hasidic homeboy.
To Save Us All From Satan's Power
Ellen: Tony, guess what we found in the bottom of the Christmas box.
Oleg: Santa Outfit.
Ellen: You guessed.
Oleg: Burn the fuckin' thing.
Merianna: This is the first Christmas in history I remember him not bein' Santa.
Raymond Curto: Ahh...Big Pussy.
Emma: We were talkin' the other day about that fat piece o' shit. When he got back from Boca in Christmas in '95, how he wasn't himself.
Oleg: What happened to uh...not wastin' your breath on the cocksucker?
Raymond Curto: Two faced fuck. To sell out your friends and save your own ass. It's despicable. That's one ride I would've loved ta been along on.
Merianna: Yeah...me too.
Oleg: Enough o' this shit. Put up the fuckin' decorations.
Ellen: Well we still gotta find somebody ta play Santa. (everyone stares at Tony)
Oleg: The fuck outta here.
Bobby Baccilieri: (Everyone looks at Bobby, Silvio points it out to Tony) What?!
Merianna: Ho fuckin' ho!
Oleg: You're right. (to Silvio)
Bobby Baccilieri: What are you talkin' about?
Emma: You wanna play Santa Claus at the party this year?
Bobby Baccilieri: Nah...I can't do that.
Ellen: Why not?
Bobby Baccilieri: I don't know. I don't know how.
Emma: Eh, what's to know. You ask 'em what they want for Christmas, you give 'em a nice toy, and that's the end of it.
Bobby Baccilieri: Nah...not me...I can't.
Emma: Yes you can.
Bobby Baccilieri: I can't.
Emma: Why not?
Bobby Baccilieri: I'm shy.
Emma: (angrily, to Bobby) The Boss o' this family told you you're gonna be Santa Claus. You're Santa Claus! So shut the fuck up about it.
Emma: Pussy...I loved that cocksucker like a brother and he fucked me in the ass.
Ellen: One thing you gotta admit, he made a great Santa Claus.
Oleg: He did.
Emma: In the end, fuck Santa Claus.
Bobby Baccilieri: (in Santa suit) You were just here.
Kid: I was not.
Bobby Baccilieri: Yeah you were. You were on my lap five minutes ago.
Kid: No, I wasn't.
Bobby Baccilieri: Yes you were. Now you're goin' on Santa's list and you're gettin' nothin'!
Kid: Fuck you, Santa.
Pine Barrens
Emma: Gimme your shoes. I can go get help.
Merianna: Fuck you. You're not leavin' me here.
Emma: You don't trust me?
Merianna: It's stupid. Pitch dark out there.
Emma: And what's your fuckin' plan? Eat ketchup packs?
Merianna: We shoulda stopped at Roy Rogers.
Emma: And I shoulda fucked Dale Evans, but I didn't!
Merianna: Could be him out there stalkin' us!
Emma: With what? His cock? Think about it Chrissy. Even if he's alive, he's unarmed and bleedin' like a sieve, he's in the woods, he's in his pajamas. It's the fuckin' Yukon out there.
Merianna: Probably thinks we left anyway.
Emma: If he's alive, which he ain't. What's that?
Merianna: Nathan's bag. Fuck, there's some ketchups and shit.
Emma: They clean?
Merianna: I don't know. They were in the bag. They're a little halfway frozen.
Emma: Fuck it. Gimme some. Not bad. Mix it with the relish.
Emma: You said yourself I hit 'im in the head. Fuckin' Rasputin this guy.
Bobby Baccilieri: One time we went huntin'. Saw a sign said 'Bear Left.' (pause) So we went home.
Emma: We were drivin' south and the sun's settin' there.
Merianna: What good's that do us?
Emma: At least we know what direction we're headed.
Merianna: Yeah but we're still fuckin' lost.
Emma: We're not lost. Stop gettin' cunty.
Emma: You think we're diggin' a hole. That's right shithead, get to work. I know the ground's kind o' hard, but give it some o' that Siberian action.
Valery: Ya sech pubyuvyal sukye. (Cocksuckers, I'll kill you both)
Emma: Shut up!
Valery: Vishto davitzishtov na chaladna. (You think the cold bothers me?) No...dvam colodna. Amenya niet. (I wash my balls with ice water!) Ya payatsiev caladeeva deechadyeel. (This is warm.) Amerikozeh Sronye. (You American pieces of shit.) Poo! (Valery Spits)
Merianna: Fuck's he sayin'?
Emma: Who gives a shit. Keep diggin'. Not that it matters now. We didn't come ta your house ta kill ya! That mouth o' yours. You gotta learn to shut the fuck up.
Merianna: So how far is it to Atlantic City? (Valery swings the shovel right into Chris's head and slams him hard. Then he hits Paulie with the other end of the shovel right in his stomach and runs off.)
Merianna: I think he's dyin'.
Emma: Must've cracked his windpipe. That's it fer him.
Merianna: What, are you a fuckin' doctor now? What're we gonna do?
Emma: You’re not gonna believe this. He killed sixteen Czechoslovakians. Guy was an interior decorator. (about Valery)
Merianna: His house looked like shit.
Emma: I can't believe it. I fuckin' loved that car.
Bobby Baccilieri: Probably kids or somethin'.
Merianna: What if it was the guy?
Oleg: You got the money.
Emma: It was in the car.
Oleg: It's all I asked you ta do Paulie.
Emma: Sorry T, it couldn't be helped. Guy fuckin' lunged at us. (Chris nods yes) Listen Tone, I know I fucked up, but-
Oleg: It's okay, really. Just forget it.
Bobby Baccilieri: What do ya think? Wanna look fer this guy or what?
Oleg: You tell me. Is it worth it?
Emma: I hit 'im in the head Tone. I saw it with my own eyes.
Oleg: Is it possible this fuck made it outta here alive?
Bobby Baccilieri: It's hard to say. Flesh wound maybe. Head shot, I dunno. On the other hand, anything's possible.
Oleg: You're a captain. What do you wanna do? (To Paulie)
Emma: Fuck it. Lets go home.
Oleg: Alright. But lets be clear on this right now. This cocksucka crawls out from under a rock, he's your problem, not mine. You deal with Slava, you take the heat. You pay the price. Capice?
Emma: Fine.
Emma: (Chris pisses) Ohhhh!!! Do that by yer own window. (window pronounced windah) I don't wanna smell yer piss.
Merianna: Fuck you.
Emma: What'd you say?
Merianna: You heard me.
Emma: Don’t make me pull rank on you kid.
Merianna: Fuck you, Paulie. Captain or no Captain, right now we're just two assholes lost in the woods.
Emma: Do yerself a favor, Chrissy and go back to fuckin' sleep.
Merianna: Why? So you can choke me?
Emma: What?
Merianna: Think I'm stupid. I heard ya on the phone tryin' ta blame this on me.
Emma: Fuck you talkin' about?
Merianna: You fucked up with the Russian prick, now you're worried about Tony. You wait till I'm asleep then you'll choke me so he'll just have your version.
Emma: Choke ya right now you fuck!!
Merianna: (Chris pulls his gun out) I'll leave you here you one-shoe cocksucker.
Emma: Put it down Chrissy.
Merianna: You know how fast I can run, I'll leave you in the fuckin' dust.
Emma: All the shit we’ve been through, you think I’ll really kill you?
Merianna: Yeah, I do. (Chris laughs and calms down)
Emma: Promise me you won't leave me here.
Merianna: I'm not gonna leave ya.
Amour Fou
Dino Zerilli: Since we're kickin' up, we were hopin' you could, you know, watch our back?
Ralph Cifaretto: 350 buys you a hello. Watchin' your back...that's gonna require a little more initiative on your part.
Ralph Cifaretto: Tell me Romeo, now that ya moved back home, are you gonna be humpin' Oleg's little girl on our couch?
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Fuck her. Tony, too, with his stay-in-school bullshit. He coulda reached out to somebody at Rutgers.
Ralph Cifaretto: He should break the Dean's legs 'cause you're too lazy ta read a fuckin' book?
Patsy Parisi: What's a matter, you don't like me?
Gloria Trillo: Look, I'm not back in ten minutes, they call the cops, standard operating procedure.
Patsy Parisi: (pulls out his gun) Here's some standard operating procedure. Stay the fuck away from Oleg, shut the fuck up and listen. It's over. Capisce? Over and done. You call, or go anywhere near him or his family and they'll be scraping your nipples off these fine leather seats. And here's the point to remember: my face is the last one you'll see, not Tony's...we understand each other? It won't be cinematic.
Ralph Cifaretto: There was this old, old moustache named Feech La Manna. Now what the hell Feech meant, who the fuck knows, but he was made on the other side, so you know, he was an original.
Dino Zerilli: He was an O.G.!
Ralph Cifaretto: Whatever.
Pizza Restaurant Owner: Guys, if you're gonna smoke, take it outside. (Spanish customers ignore the owner)
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Fuck's the matter? You don't speak English?
Spanish Customer 1: Who the fuck are you?
Dino Zerilli: The owner's a dear friend of ours, that should be enough for you.
Spanish Customer 2: Fuck him too! (Dino slaps the shit out of the 2nd Spanish customer)
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: What'd you fuckin' say! (pulls out a gun)
Spanish Customer 3: Whoah...Whoah! Chill Chill!!
Spanish Customer 1: Relax!!!
Pizza Restaurant Owner: Jackie...what are ya doin'?!
Dino Zerilli: It's alright, it's under control.
Jackie Aprile, Jr.: Go find a fuckin' Taco Bell before I cap your asses.
Dino Zerilli: The fuck outta here!!!
Army of One
Oleg: I tell ya one thing though, I'm not gonna make the same mistake with AJ. He got expelled. Him we're sendin' to military school.
Janet: You know, we never discussed exactly what you want for your children.
Oleg: I don't want 'em to end up in Boonton with their face blown off...
Kelli Aprile: My brother's whole stupid pathetic dream was to follow in our father's footsteps. What, I got to paint a picture? He was killed by some fat fuck in see-through socks. Take your pick, they all look alike.
Emma: You're late.
Ralph Cifaretto: Well, tomorrow I could be on time, but you'll be stupid forever.
Emma: I can't believe this!
Ralph Cifaretto: Why not? Last year, you believed a flyin' saucer was over East Rutherford.
Carmela Soprano: You wanna train him to be a professional killer?
Oleg: Oh will you stop! They're soldiers. And the United States Army hardly ever goes to war anymore.
Carmela Soprano: They were marching with rifles, Tony.
Oleg: The barrels are plugged! They're symbolic!
Carmela Soprano: Symbolic of what?
Oleg: Respect!
Carmela Soprano: He will be subjected to the discipline of kids hardly older than himself. Does that seem smart? Boys his age still kill frogs and small animals.
Oleg: The Cusamano's Binky? The cherry bomb with the nails in it, you think it was AJ?
Carmela Soprano: No, that is what I'm trying to tell you. He is still a child. He's a normal child. He's made some mistakes. God knows, he's got a shitload to learn about life. That does not mean that I'm gonna let you send him to the type of school whose whole reason for being is to make him follow orders by instilling fear.
Oleg: He thinks the world owes him a fuckin' livin'.
Carmela Soprano: What could've given him that bizarre idea?
Oleg: We tried it your way for fifteen years now, with Berry Brazel to validatin' his feelings and that fuckin' school did the same thing and what a surprise. He thinks the world runs on his feelings! Well, he's gonna go learn to be a man.
Carmela Soprano: I will not send him to that place.
For All Debts Public And Private
Bobby Baccilieri: World really went downhill after the World Trade Center. You know, Quasimodo predicted all of this.
Oleg: Who did what?
Bobby Baccilieri: All these problems, the middle east. The end o' the world.
Oleg: Nostradamus. Quasimodo's the hunchback of Notre Dame.
Bobby Baccilieri: Oh, right. Notredamus.
Oleg: Nostradamus and Notre Dame, that's two different things completely.
Bobby Baccilieri: It's interesting though they'd be so similar, isn't it? And I always thought, "OK, Hunchback of Notre Dame. You also got your quarterback and your halfback of Notre Dame".
Oleg: One's a fucking cathedral!
Bobby Baccilieri: Obviously, I know. I'm just sayin'. It's interesting, the coincidence. What, you're gonna tell me you never pondered that? The back thing with Notre Dame?
Oleg: No!
Murf Lupo: We had a little scare. Thought it was a shunt in his heart, he passed some gas. He seems better. (about Uncle Junior)
Uncle Junior: Why don't you go on Joe Franklin, tell the whole tri-state area.
Carmela Soprano: There is no reason you shouldn't be able to pass Social Studies.
Oleg: You passin' Social Studies?
Anthony Junior: You just revealed your own ignorance...it's only been five days, we didn't get grades yet.
Oleg: I what? I reveal my own what? (Tony smacks AJ in the back of the head)
Merianna: (about Tony) Fuckin' asshole. Ever since I questioned his judgment on some Ralphie-Jackie Jr. problem. Like he's fuckin' infallible. Pope Tony the twenty third or some shit.
Oleg: And I provide for my children.
Carmela Soprano: Yes, Tony. You do. But I don't know how you do it, because you won't tell me. Well, let me tell you something, or you can watch the fucking news...everything comes to an end.
No Show
Ralph Cifaretto: I hear Ginny Sack's getting a ninety five pound mole taken off her ass.
Merianna: So I was thinkin' right...what we do is start our own group. I'll be the singer and you two can back me up.
Danielle: Yeah right...ha ha ha...
Adriana La Cerva: Puh-lease!!
Merianna: What?!! It's so hard to rap? Mah bitch. Mah Ho. Mah Ho. Mah bitch. Mah bitch bitch. What? A joke? You don't wanna back me up?
Oleg: So how's yer love life?
Lucia Desilets: Why don't you mind your goddamn business?
Oleg: I don't know, it kinda feels like it is my business considerin' I had to haul your last boyfriend outta your kitchen in a hefty bag.
Lucia Desilets: You're a miserable fuck. You know that? You're just like Ma.
Oleg: Oh yeah?
Lucia Desilets: Yeah really, with your condescension and your sabotage. For your information, Ralph is a great guy.
Oleg: Trust me, I got more information than I need about Ralphie.
Lucia Desilets: Well it's always something, Tony. What are you, threatened by the fact that he has a sense of style?
Oleg: Oh a sense of style?
Lucia Desilets: Ralph Lauren? Collegiate?
Oleg: Let me ask you a question Janice, do I know this guy better than you? Cause I'm tellin' you, he's no fuckin' good.
Lucia Desilets: My happiness really drives you crazy, doesn't it, Tony?
Little Paulie Germani: Ralph told this funny fuckin' joke though at umm..at Albert's party. He goes, "Ginny Sack had a ninety five pound mole surgically taken off her ass."
Emma: He said that?
Little Paulie Germani: Yeah...
Emma: And you think its funny?
Little Paulie Germani: Uh...it's some bad taste...huh?
Merianna: And don't think I forgot about you goin' through my fuckin' fiance's underwear drawer.
Patsy Parisi: That wasn't me you fucking jerk!
Christopher
Native American Protestor: Mussolini was Hitler's bitch!!!
Ralph Cifaretto: You need a lot right now, and I don't think there's anything I can do.
Rosalie Aprile: You can be there for me. You can comfort me.
Ralph Cifaretto: What about me? What do I get out of it?
Rosalie Aprile: There it is. Right there. What do you get! How 'bout yer every need taken care of sexually, everything. All yer shit! It's all about you, isn't it?!!!
Ralph Cifaretto: It's not all about me, but I mean...let's be realistic.
Rosalie Aprile: Let's be realistic?! What, you wanna leave me?
Ralph Cifaretto: (pause) yeah...
Rosalie Aprile: Then get the fuck out!!!
Ralph Cifaretto: It doesn't have to be like this.
Rosalie Aprile: How should it be, huh? How the fuck should it be?! (Ralph leaves)
Carmela Soprano: He was a victim of his time.
Anthony Junior: Who cares? It's what he did.
Oleg: He discovered America is what he did. He was a brave Italian explorer. And in this house, Christopher Columbus is a hero. End of story.
Reuben 'The Cuban': Christopher Columbus was no better than Hitler.
Hesh Rabkin: Hey...whoah...whoah..whoah...whoah. Back up. Hitler?
Reuben 'The Cuban': Yeah. I'm not the only one who thinks so.
Ellen: Yeah that Indian..uh..from the protest was whinin' about the wilderness, they had him on TV and he called Columbus Hitler.
Reuben 'The Cuban': 'Coz its true man.
Hesh Rabkin: You're talkin' outta your ass. Columbus and Hitler? You're trivializing the Holocaust. Frankly, Reuben, if you've got that kind of covert anti-semitism, I'd like you to leave my house.
Reuben 'The Cuban': Anti-semitism?
Hesh Rabkin: That's right.
Reuben 'The Cuban': Fuck you too ma man!
Lucia Desilets: How much money did you make today, slut?
Ralph Cifaretto: three hundred.
Lucia Desilets: That's all bitch? Oh, I'm gonna put you back on the street ho, make you work that ass.
Ralph Cifaretto: Put me back on the street baby, yeah.
Lucia Desilets: Work that ass you little cunt.
Ralph Cifaretto: You work it baby.
Lucia Desilets: Mommy's little tramp. Mommy's little Whore. Pimp you out bitch.
The Weight
Johnny Sack: I want you to sanction a hit on Ralph Cifaretto.
Carmine Lupertazzi: What, you fuckin' kiddin' me?
Johnny Sack: He violated my wife's honor.
Carmine Lupertazzi: Ralph slept with Ginny?
Johnny Sack: He insulted her. He made a very insensitive joke about her body to some friends of ours.
Carmine Lupertazzi: What did he say?
Johnny Sack: I have to repeat it? My word's not good enough?
Carmine Lupertazzi: Not if you want him clipped over it.
Johnny Sack: He said she was havin' a 90 pound mole removed from her ass. The implication was that her ass is so big, she can have a mole that size removed from it.
Carmine Lupertazzi: It's an off-color remark; it was highly inappropriate. You want, I'll demand he's taxed. But clip him? (shakes his head no)
Johnny Sack: Is, is it all just about money?
Carmine Lupertazzi: I'll crack him good. I'll ask for two hundred grand.
Johnny Sack: Two hundred grand for insulting my wife? What's next Carmine, he get to fuck her for a million?
Carmine Lupertazzi: He wants to fuck her?
Johnny Sack: I'm making a point, I'm talkin' about my wife's honor here, my honor.
Carmine Lupertazzi: We depend on this guy. There are millions of dollars at stake. We can't afford it John.
Johnny Sack: A room full of guys making fun of my wife and you're not gonna let me deal with this?
Carmine Lupertazzi: Not that way. My answer's gotta be no.
Johnny Sack: I want a sit down then with Ralph, fucking thief. Get this Fernandez paving bullshit dealt with.
Oleg: Twenty years I've been friends with John. Now he's gotta go.
Merianna: All over a stupid joke.
Ralph Cifaretto: I was fuckin' around. Fer chrissakes, you never made a joke about Ginny Sack?
Ellen: Not like that.
Oleg: Of course not!
Ralph Cifaretto: Yeah, well fuck him and his high-fillutin' bullshit. Who does he think he is? Sir Walter Raleigh?
Ralph Cifaretto: You know what that crazy bitch was into?
Eugene Pontecorvo: What?
Vito Spatafore: What?
Ralph Cifaretto: She wanted to stick a dildo up my ass, make believe she was pimpin' me out. I told her get the fuck outta here.
Eugene Pontecorvo: Hehehe... (laughing)
Vito Spatafore: The fuck?! (laughing)
Ralph Cifaretto: Whole family's nuts.
Ralph Cifaretto: (on phone) Yeah. John, it's me.
Johnny Sack: (on phone) And?
Ralph Cifaretto: And I'm calling to tell you how appalled I am. I just got back. I talked to Tony. I love Ginny. I would never say anything like that.
Johnny Sack: That's not what I heard.
Ralph Cifaretto: From who John?
Johnny Sack: I don't betray confidences Ralphie. Denyin' you said it?
Ralph Cifaretto: Fuck yes, I'm denyin' I said it.
Johnny Sack: I don't believe you.
Ralph Cifaretto: Just...just tell me who said this. I'll put a bullet in their fuckin' eye.
Johnny Sack: You're a real weasel you know that?
Ralph Cifaretto: John, please. Look. Last year, when Tony and I had our, our thing, that misunderstanding, you were the voice of reason. You were the one that told me to apologize.
Johnny Sack: Oh, so you're apologizing?
Ralph Cifaretto: If that's what it takes.
Johnny Sack: Why would you apologize? I thought you didn't say it.
Ralph Cifaretto: I didn't say it.
Johnny Sack: You know somethin' Ralph, not only are you a thief, you're a lying fucking prick. I should've let Tony chop your head off a year ago.
Johnny Sack: He's got a bad history Tony. Cute cocksucker could wind up dead.
Oleg: What are you sayin' here?
Johnny Sack: He's a two faced fucking prick.
Oleg: I thought Ralph was your friend.
Johnny Sack: Right. That's rich. Did you hear what my friend said about my wife? Made a crack about Ginny's weight. Something about her havin' a ninety pound mole on her ass.
Oleg: Well that's uh...that's deplorable. Who told you this?
Johnny Sack: What's important was that it was said.
Oleg: Well if he did say it, I didn't hear it. Cause he knows better than to make a remark like that when I'm around.
Pie-O-My
Carmela Soprano: You bought a racehorse?
Oleg: No, I didn't buy it.
Carmela Soprano: It followed you home?
Adriana La Cerva: Let's be honest. What's our future here, Christopher? You...you could end up in jail or something horrible could happen.
Merianna: Fuckin' negative shit. Stop with that.
Adriana La Cerva: Somebody could have it in for you. You wouldn't know.
Merianna: Who?!
Adriana La Cerva: I don't know.
Merianna: What the fuck kind of shit is this? Who told you that?
Adriana La Cerva: Nobody.
Merianna: Fuckin' negative shit coming out of your mouth! I had that fuckin' bird watching me when I got made. I'm already under a what-do-you-call-it, possibly. So stop with that.
Adriana La Cerva: I worry about you, that's all. I love you so much.
Merianna: So if you love me, stir my eggs okay?
Lucia Desilets: Bobby...my uncle loves you. He needs you. So you're gonna get up tomorrow morning, and you're gonna get dressed. And you're gonna get in that car and you're gonna do what needs to be done, aren't you?
Bobby Baccilieri: You're Teddy Genaretti, aren't ya? The shop steward for local one eighty four?
Teddy Genaretti: Guilty. You a joint fitter?
Bartender: What can I get you?
Bobby Baccilieri: Wild Turkey neat. I saw your Caravan in the lot. It's a nice car for a family.
Teddy Genaretti: Do I know you?
Bobby Baccilieri: Jim Blake.
Teddy Genaretti: What local you in?
Bobby Baccilieri: Bad back. It's just that I follow these things, you know, this election coming up. Dick Hoffman for president? I heard he's got one eighty four's vote. I think it's a mistake.
Teddy Genaretti: Pension's been ripped off for the last twenty five years.
Bobby Baccilieri: Hey, I'm sure you guys got grievances, but Dick Hoffman? What do you owe this guy? It's all talk. He's out of touch with reality, Dick. You think if push came to shove he'd give a fuck about you?
Teddy Genaretti: I know what you're trying to do.
Bobby Baccilieri: You look like a smart guy. I can see why your local puts their faith in you to do the right thing. I'm just saying, if it was me? I got kids that depend on me, like yourself. And to waste my votes on somebody like Dick Hoffman? I might as well put a bullet in my head, here, here and here. (pointing at his head)
Agent Dwight Harris: Here's what's problematic. You don't even know where your boyfriend is half the time, so how do you know if he's in trouble or not? He's into heroin, organized crime, he's associating with some very dangerous people...not to mention Oleg himself.
Adriana La Cerva: See, that's where you're wrong. Tony would never let anything happen to Christopher. They're cousins, he loves him.
Agent Robyn Sanseverino: He loved Pussy Bonpensiero. What happened to him?
Adriana La Cerva: He went in the Witness Protection program.
Agent Robyn Sanseverino: Dwight? He went into the program? You know anything about that?
Agent Dwight Harris: No.
Agent Robyn Sanseverino: I think we would've heard. And your uncle Richie, I suppose he's in the program, too.
Adriana La Cerva: He is. Isn't he?
Everybody Hurts
Oleg: Did you ever know anybody that uh...ever committed suicide?
Lucia Desilets: Plenty. I used to live in Seattle, Tony.
Artie Bucco: The cobwebs are now removed.
Oleg: The fuck are ya talkin' about?!
Artie Bucco: You saw this whole thing, didn't you? You knew exactly what was gonna happen. You can see twenty moves down the road. Please...I don't blame you, I envy you. It's like an instinct, like a hawk sees a little mouse movin' around a corn field from a mile up.
Oleg: You think it's my fault you're fuckin' lyin' in here?
Artie Bucco: It's just that somebody mentions fifty grand, to bankroll a French digestif, and your mind goes through all the permutations at like, internet speed and realizes, "Oh, worst case scenario, I eat for free."
Oleg: You fuckin' suicide. You're disgraceful!
Artie Bucco: I'm sorry.
Oleg: Nah, fuck that!!! Does anybody else know it was me that loaned you the money?
Artie Bucco: Like who?
Oleg: Like who? I don't give a fuck who. Adriana, Father Intintola, my wife...anybody? (Artie nods no) Alright...ya...ya...ya got mugged. Outside o' yer house. It was a street crime. Kids, they took yer wallet and yer watch. Where are they?
Artie Bucco: Why?
Oleg: Come on! (Tony takes Artie's belongings) Why? You don't care what people think. Well, I do. Enough people hate me! You fought back. They ripped yer earrin' outta yer ear, you were bleedin', you went inside yer house, you...you took a bunch o' pills to kill the pain 'cuz you knew you'd have to wait at the emergency room for a couple o' hours.
Artie Bucco: Ton', they pumped my stomach, they saw the almanac.
Oleg: You got fuckin' mugged. Do you understand me? I didn't loan you shit!
Jean-Philippe Colbert: Oh...it's you. Hello. Come in.
Artie Bucco: Jean-Philippe, yer home. Qu'est-ce que c'est, man? Message machine broken?
Jean-Philippe Colbert: l'm sorry, I...l've been wishing to call you...I...
Artie Bucco: Nice crib. You were supposed to give me my money two days ago.
Jean-Philippe Colbert: I know. Credit Lyonnais, they didn't come through with the second round of financing yet. My partners are sick about it.
Artie Bucco: Well, that's not my problem Jean-Philippe, I want my money.
Jean-Philippe Colbert: I just told you. I don't have it.
Artie Bucco: Well, when are you gonna get it?
Jean-Philippe Colbert: I don't know okay. I don't know. Doesn't look too good.
Artie Bucco: Whoah...whoah...whoah...whoah...what does that...what does that mean?!
Jean-Philippe Colbert: I mean, I don't know if its going to happen alright. They...they were not convinced we are a business model. They didn't agree there was as much potential for almanac. The problem has been it seems that people cannot figure out how to market almanac. The hip approach like with Stoli, fails.
Artie Bucco: You said it was the next vodka!!!
Jean-Philippe Colbert: Hey, so we are big boys, we must move on.
Artie Bucco: Frog eatin' fuckin' faggia di cazz'.
Jean-Philippe Colbert: What did you say?
Artie Bucco: I said I want my money!!
Jean-Philippe Colbert: Are you stupid? That money spent. Operating expenses, notaires, travel.
Artie Bucco: No. You have my fifty thousand dollars.
Jean-Philippe Colbert: It's business. It's a risk.
Artie Bucco: I have a daughter who needs braces.
Jean-Philippe Colbert: Listen to me, I don't have it right now.
Artie Bucco: You fuckin' French fuckin' lyin' cocksucka!!! (Artie starts to fight with Jean-Philippe)
Jean-Philippe Colbert: Fuck to your mother! Sale rital... (Jean-Philippe rips off Artie's earring)
Artie Bucco: My earrin'!! You ripped my fuckin' ear!
Jean-Philippe Colbert: Du con.
Artie Bucco: Ow! I want my money.
Jean-Philippe Colbert: Fuck you. If I see you again, I'll kill you. (Jean-Philippe throws Artie out.)
Artie Bucco: (Talking to himself in the mirror) Oh! Jean-Philippe! Yer home. I called ya five times. Qu'est-ce Que C'est?...Message machine broken? Nice crib. Whazzat uh...Berber carpet? Those, uh... fuckin' shoes you wear, what are they, uh... designer? Hmm? You fuckin' avoiding' me mother fucker? Where’s my money? Oh, what are you gonna cry now, Huh? Stand up you frog–eating Faccia de Gatz'. I will fuck you up!
Oleg: So, over the next couple of years, more and more, I'm gonna be givin' my orders through you and then finally...only through you.
Merianna: But what about Sil, you got that with him...and Paulie.
Oleg: Those other guys, Sil...Paulie, there's one thing they're not...they're not my blood. You hear what I'm sayin' to you. It's a matter of trust.
Merianna: It's very wise
Watching Too Much Television
Assemblyman Ronald Zellman: The heart wants what the heart wants I guess.
Oleg: Heart also wants what the dick wants.
Vito Spatafore: What can I get you Paulie?
Emma: After four months inside? How 'bout laid?
Ellen: Oh! It's Papillon. (To Paulie)
Emma: Oh, hello Sil! How are ya?
Merianna: I heard you were gettin' laid up there all the time.
Emma: Come here, you little prick. Hello, Chrissy. (Paulie hugs Chris)
Adriana La Cerva: What if we didn't have kids?
Merianna: Fuck that. What's the point of bein' married?
Adriana La Cerva: I mean, what if we can't? If I can't...would you still love me?
Merianna: 'Course I'd still love ya...why?
Adriana La Cerva: There's something you should know. A long time ago, years ago, I had a medical procedure. It was before we met. My uterus got pierced.
Merianna: Both of 'em?
Adriana La Cerva: There's only one. That's ovaries.
Merianna: So, what does that mean, you can't get pregnant?
Adriana La Cerva: Well, my doctor said it might be hard. A friend of mine gave me the name of a specialist in Manhattan.
Merianna: You knew you were damaged goods and you never fuckin' told me!?
Adriana La Cerva: How could you call me that?
Merianna: Jesus fuckin' Christ, how could ya lie to me like that!
Adriana La Cerva: I tried to tell you once. I wanted to. I was afraid that you wouldn't propose.
Merianna: You don't get it, Adriana, I don't have a son, the Moltisanti name ends, that's it!
Adriana La Cerva: We could adopt.
Merianna: Yeah, that's great! Some kid with chinky eyes called Moltisanti! He'd get his ass kicked every day!
Adriana La Cerva: You said you'd still love me.
Merianna: That doesn't mean I'll fuckin' marry you!
Assemblyman Ronald Zellman: Tony! What's goin' on? What's up? (Tony removes his belt) Look, why don't you just calm down and...
Oleg: I'm perfectly calm.
Assemblyman Ronald Zellman: Well, we can talk about whatever is botherin' you.
Oleg: Yeah?
Assemblyman Ronald Zellman: Tony, this is crazy... ah, Tony, Tony! (Tony beats Zellman with his belt) Come on...fuck!
Irina Peltsin: Tony, no!
Assemblyman Ronald Zellman: Ow! Tony, ow, Tony! Ow!
Oleg: All the girls in New Jersey, you had ta fuck this one? Go ahead, cry like a bitch.
Mergers and Acquisitions
Ralph Cifaretto: I like my drinks with extra olives. You should know how your regular customers like their drinks.
Adriana La Cerva: My regular customers are the ones who pay.
Lucia Desilets: Three thousand dollars.
Oleg: How'd you come up with that figure?
Lucia Desilets: It's a number that I thought you'd say yes to.
Oleg: You thought right.
Lucia Desilets: So, what have you heard?
Oleg: You pay me three thousand dollars, I'll answer your questions.
Lucia Desilets: He bottoms from the top.
Oleg: I don't even know what that means...
Lucia Desilets: Means...he has to control things but he pretends he doesn't. Like he'd make me fuck him with a strap on and call him my bitch...shit like that.
Oleg: What about plain old fuckin'?
Lucia Desilets: I'm tellin' you, he can't get hard that way, and if he could, I don't think that he'd want to.
Valentina La Paz: Like last night, I just wanted him to fuck me, just so I could get back at you, but all he wanted me to do was drip candle wax on his balls and then he went into the bathroom and jerked himself off...now I don't call that having sex with someone.
Valentina La Paz: Besides, it's good luck.
Ralph Cifaretto: What?
Valentina La Paz: It's good luck to step in horse shit. Ask any horse person.
Lois Pettit: It's true.
Ralph Cifaretto: Then why aren't you people walkin' around all day lookin' for piles o' horse shit to stomp around in?
Lois Pettit: It only works if it's an accident.
Ralph Cifaretto: Fuckin' sick, all o' yous. Fucko, where's the hose?
Emma: I don't understand. When I was a kid, you two were old ladies. Now I'm old, and you two are still old.
Whoever Did This
Ralph Cifaretto: (on phone) Mrs. Marianucci Gaultieri?
Nucci Gaultieri: (on phone) Yes?
Ralph Cifaretto: Hi, this is Detective Mike Hunt, Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania police department. You have a son Peter Paul?
Nucci Gaultieri: Oh, my God! What happened?
Ralph Cifaretto: He's alright, ma'am, but I'm afraid he's in a little trouble. We found him in a public men's room in Lafayette Park. I don't know how to put this delicately...he was sucking a cub scout's dick.
Nucci Gaultieri: What? No, it's a mistake.
Ralph Cifaretto: Ma'am, I wish that was all, uh, but I'm afraid we had to have emergency surgery performed upon arrival at headquarters, after discovery of a small rodent in the rectal passage.
Nucci Gaultieri: OH, MY GOD!
Ralph Cifaretto: A gerbil, ma'am. Uh, the county does not cover medical procedures deemed caused by criminal sexual activity. Section four, paragraph fifteen. We'll need an insurance number.
Nucci Gaultieri: Oh, Madonn'! I have Blue Cross, Blue Shield. Is that all right?
Ralph Cifaretto: Ma...Ma'am, c-could you hold on for one second, I have the hospital on the other line. (Ralph hangs up and laughs)
Oleg: Jesus Christ, you did it! You cooked that fuckin' horse alive!!!
Ralph Cifaretto: No, I did not! But so what?!
Oleg: So what?!
Ralph Cifaretto: It was a fuckin' animal! A hundred grand a piece. My kid's in the fuckin' hospital! I don't hear you complainin' when I bring you a nice fat envelope. You don't give a shit where that comes from! Don't give me that look. It was a fuckin' horse! What are you, a vegetarian? You eat beef and sausage by the fuckin' carload.
Ralph Cifaretto: Hadda be Paulie told Johnny...
Eugene Pontecorvo: You think so?
Ralph Cifaretto: He hates my success...thinkin' about that birthday dinner...who was there when I told the Ginny Sack joke?
Vito Spatafore: Not Paulie. I remember Albert sayin' he didn't get a gift.
Ralph Cifaretto: It was little Paulie, the witless fuckin' nephew. He told Paulie, Paulie tells Johnny. Fuckin' telephone game like high-school girls! Wanna play phone games? That party was the only time I ever mentioned Shamu's fat ass.
Merianna: (shocked at Ralph's wig) Ahhh! Holy shit! I had no idea. Did you?
Oleg: 'Course I did. You're so high on scag, you wouldn't know if he had your mother's muff on his head.
Merianna: (about Ralph) That poor fuckin' guy...
Emma: Fuck him and his alligator tears.
Oleg: Paulie, his kid's in the hospital. A little fuckin' sympathy, huh?
Emma: That gives him a pass? I don't care if he's got a hundred kids in the ICU with arrows in their heads...he's a piece o' shit. You know it, and I know it.
The Strong, Silent Type
Merianna: I'm sorry T-
Oleg: Shut the fuck up and listen ta me. You're my nephew Christopher and I love you, and that's the only reason you're alive right now. If it were anybody else, anybody, they woulda had their fuckin' intervention right through the back o' their head.
Merianna: What the fuck! What's goin' on?
Oleg: Have a seat.
Dominic Palladino: Christopher, hey! I'm Dominic. I know you don't know me, but uh...
Merianna: Yeah, you're the guy who...uh broke into Stew Leonard's that time, you stole all those pork loins.
Dominic Palladino: Yeah, but that's not why I'm here today. Christopher, we're here to talk about your drug problem.
Merianna: What?! Jesus Christ, you fuckin' kiddin' me!?
Adriana La Cerva: Sorry, baby, please.
Merianna: No, fuck this shit.
Emma: You been told once...now sit down!
Oleg: Sit down!
Merianna: Ma!? Jesus!
Dominic Palladino: Christopher, this won't be easy for any of us, but I want you to know that we're here today because we care about you.
Merianna: What was this, your idea?
Dominic Palladino: All we ask is that you listen. Adriana, you wanna begin?
Adriana La Cerva: Christopher, I love you very much, my only dream is that we have a happy life together. The last few months things have got very bad with us because of you using drugs all the time. Yer high all the time and I can't take it.
Dominic Palladino: Be specific hon.
Adriana La Cerva: When we first started goin' out, we made love all the time, now because of the drugs-
Merianna: Jesus, is this fuckin' necessary?
Dominic Palladino: Go ahead Adriana.
Adriana La Cerva: You can no longer function as a man. Last week when I came home to learn that you had killed our dog, that was the final straw.
Oleg: Whoah...whoah...whoah...whoah...whoah...whoah...you killed the dog? What'd you do that for?
Merianna: It was an accident.
Emma: What was it, barkin'?
Adriana La Cerva: He sat on it while he was high. (crying)
Oleg: Ah, Jesus Christ!!!
Merianna: I fell asleep...she got suffocated or somethin'.
Dominic Palladino: Are you done Adriana? Alright. Silvio.
Oleg: You killed little Cosette! I oughta suffocate you, you little prick!!!
Dominic Palladino: Tony, we're going in order, Silvio.
Ellen: When I came in to open up one morning, there you were with your head half in the toilet. Your hair was in the toilet water. Disgusting.
Merianna: I told you I had the flu!
Ellen: I said my piece Chrissy!
Merianna: Great! I can't even defend myself now?
Dominic Palladino: No one's attacking you Chris.
Oleg: Look, it doesn't change anything! But I can verify that he was sick for a little while. Still, this thing with the dog. How could you not see it on a chair?!!!
Dominic Palladino: You're getting emotional Tony.
Oleg: That's 'cuz I know what it's like to lose a pet!
Carmela Soprano: I happen to know that you were high at my mother in law's wake. You were talking nonstop for twenty minutes...nothing but gibberish.
Oleg: My mother's wake! Jesus Christ...
Dominic Palladino: Paul. You wanna read your statement?
Emma: I don't write nuthin' down, so I'll keep this short and sweet. You're weak, you're outta control, and you've become an embarrassment to yerself and everybody else.
Merianna: Ho ho!! Listen ta you!
Dominic Palladino: Guys, guys! whoah...whoah..whoah...we said...non-judgmental.
Emma: Fuck that! Let 'im take his medicine!
Merianna: Seriously Paulie, you wanna talk about fuckin' up?
Emma: Watch it Chrissy!
Merianna: What, I thought we're bein' honest here! You got some balls you know that? All o' you. You wanna talk about self control. How 'bout you Sil? Fuckin' every slut you got workin' in the place when you got a wife and kids at home?
Dominic Palladino: Guys, guys!! Whoah...whoah!
Adriana La Cerva: Christopher!!!
Merianna: Or you Paulie!! Yeah, remember last winter in the woods with the Russian guy...
Oleg: Christopher, I am fuckin' warnin' you!!!
Merianna: There he goes, Mr. Type "A" Personality!
Oleg: We are here to talk about you killing yourself with drugs, not my fuckin' personality!
Dominic Palladino: That's right...
Merianna: I'm gonna kill myself?! The way you fuckin' eat, you're gonna have a heart attack by the time yer fifty! (Paulie gets up and grabs Chris by the shirt)
Dominic Palladino: Paulie, sit down...
Emma: You're talkin' to the boss here!
Joanne Moltisanti: Good, maybe someone will smack some goddamn sense into 'im?
Merianna: Great, my own mother. Fuck you, ya fuckin' whore! (Paulie punches Chris in the face slamming him into the ground and Silvio and Benny beat up on Christopher while he is on the floor)
Uncle Junior: Me with the competency hearings, you with the head shrinkers, this one in rehab now.
Drug Dealer: Whaddya want around here?
Merianna: Can you do an eighth of scag?
Drug Dealer: Five hundred.
Merianna: Alright, wrap it up.
Drug Dealer: (pulls his gun out) The fuck out the car bitch!
Merianna: Motherfucka! You know who I am?
Thug: Who the fuck is this?
Merianna: Do you know who the fuck I'm with?
Drug Dealer: You ain't no fuckin' cop, that's fer sure.
Thug: Ha ha. (One thug pulls Chris's gun away from him and another thug jacks Chris's car)
Drug Dealer: Fuck you gonna do with that bitch?
Merianna: Stick it up your mother's twat!
Adriana La Cerva: Where's the dog? Oh my God. Cosette?
Merianna: What?
Adriana La Cerva: Christopher, she's not breathing...her neck feels broken.
Merianna: The fuck?
Adriana La Cerva: Oh my God! She's dead.
Merianna: I fell asleep.
Adriana La Cerva: What?
Merianna: She musta crawled under there fer warmth.
Adriana La Cerva: Are you fuckin' crazy? You fuckin' killed her.
Merianna: I didn't kill her. I musta sat on her.
Adriana La Cerva: Oh Jesus, Oh my poor baby.
Merianna: I'm sorry, it was an accident fer chrissake. How long I've been sayin' she shouldn't be on the furniture.
Adriana La Cerva: It's 'cuz you were fuckin' high Christopher. You and your fuckin' smack fuck lifestyle.
Merianna: I'll get you another dog.
Adriana La Cerva: I don't want another dog.
Calling All Cars
Bobby Baccilieri: Got home tonight, kids were kind o' quiet. Then bedtime, all hell broke loose, cryin', wouldn't be left alone! Sophia especially. They've been playin' with that goddamn Ouija board again.
Lucia Desilets: Oh no.
Bobby Baccilieri: They've been tryin' to contact Karen. What?
Lucia Desilets: I don't know what to say Bobby. I came over this afternoon with some pound cake.
Bobby Baccilieri: I saw it.
Lucia Desilets: I heard them in his room with that Ouija board...I thought...this is not good. But then after the other night, I didn't wanna overstep my bounds.
Bobby Baccilieri: It's my fault.
Lucia Desilets: Hey, you're under a lot of stress. You're a single dad.
Bobby Baccilieri: No, you were right...it's bad for them, it's unwholesome.
Lucia Desilets: You want me to go up?
Bobby Baccilieri: I think they're asleep. Finally. I had to read to Sophia for like, an hour. She couldn't even handle a "Nancy Drew." It was too mysterious.
Carmela Soprano: You know how much little Bobby likes you.
Anthony Junior: What am I, daycare?
Lucia Desilets: You went to the cemetery today, didn't you?
Bobby Baccilieri: How do you know?
Lucia Desilets: 'Cuz you got cemetery mud on your shoes.
Bobby Baccilieri: Mud? What are you, Marge Higenbrinder now? What do you know about the mud? You been spyin' on me? What, I can't go to the cemetery? I gotta get permission from you?
Oleg: The old guys were different. Men in the front. Wives in the back.
Janet: You like that arrangement.
Oleg: Actually, I think the wives should ride in a little cart, behind the car...like in the cartoons. Like behind Noah's ark, there's a little boat with the skunks.
Janet: So wives are skunks?
Oleg: Ah, Jesus fuckin' Christ! It's a fuckin' joke. Does it have to be like a cancer hospital in here?
Janet: But Carmela is in control in the dream...
Oleg: Why, cuz she's drivin'?
Oleg: Jesus Christ! The money I've been droppin' in here, I could've bought a fuckin' Ferrari. At least I would've got a blowjob outta that.
Eloise
Minn Matrone: I've been driving since I was a young girl.
Emma: Horse and buggies don't count.
Ellen: You have any idea what Albert kicked up last week?
Emma: Fuck that fuckin' parakeet. I got a relationship with Tony Albert'll never have. No matter how far he sticks his tongue up Tony's ass.
Emma: It's your fault anyway. All this shit started with that Russian prick when I had to go pick up your five grand.
Ellen: You know things might be a little different, Paulie, if you'd accept some responsibility for a change.
Emma: You're a wormy cocksucker, you know that?
Ellen: Ohhhh! I'm just tellin' you how you're bein' fuckin' perceived!
Emma: Just worry about how you're fuckin' perceived! Nobody knows what the future holds, my friend.
Carmela Soprano: You always leave your door open like that?
Meadow Soprano: I'm cooking, it's hot.
Finn DeTrolio: I'll protect her, don't worry.
Oleg: Ya hear that? Anybody bothers her he'll knock their teeth out, then he can put 'em back in, too.
Prosecutor: Ladies and gentlemen, Corrado Soprano is not some harmless old man being persecuted by the government but a ruthless and calculating mob boss who controls a vast criminal enterprise. Over the past few months, you've heard from FBI agents who have documented clandestine meetings at his doctor's offices. Tales of bid rigging, sweetheart deals, secret payoffs, and even murder. No, Corrado Soprano is not some harmless old man, but a killer who orders up murder like you and I order up coffee.
Whitecaps
Irina Peltsin: (on phone) Is this Mrs. Sopranos?
Carmela Soprano: (on phone) Yes it is.
Irina Peltsin: I used to fuck your husband.
Carmela Soprano: You call my house again. You ever speak to one of my children again, I will track you down and I will kill you. We have got guns here. I mean it.
Carmela Soprano: Let go of me, your son will be home. You want him to see his father like this.
Oleg: Yeah, you'd love that wouldn't you? I'm not leaving here Carmela.
Carmela Soprano: I don't love you anymore. I don't want you. You are not sleeping in my bed Tony. The thought of it now makes me sick.
Merianna: Like we said, you're gonna keep this quiet.
Credenzo Curtis: I got the mouth on the statue nigga.
Stanley Johnson: Word.
Carmela Soprano: Can I tell ya somethin' Tony?
Oleg: Don't pretend like I got a choice.
Carmela Soprano: The last year, I have been dreaming and fantasizing and in love with Furio.
Oleg: (laughing) he..ha...what?
Carmela Soprano: Every morning when he'd come to pick you up, I would look forward to it all night long in bed, next to you. Those nights when you were actually in the bed. And he would ring the doorbell, I felt like my heart would come out of my chest. He would smile, and we'd talk, and then you would come down the stairs. And I felt probably like someone who was terminally ill and somehow they managed to forget it for a minute. And then it all comes back!
Two Tony's
Emma: Always playin' that blood relation card! Tony's little favorite!
Merianna: Fuck you!!!
Emma: I'll tell ya, after a meal like that, what I can use is a nice piece of ass. Who knows, maybe I'll call down, have them send one up to the room.
Merianna: Why don't you just fuck yourself, save a little money.
Emma: What's your problem?
Merianna: Stop tryin' to bait me, Paulie. You know what my fuckin' problem is.
Emma: No, why don't you tell me!
Merianna: You want me to tell you? Fine! Steaks! Three pound lobsters! The shrimp fuckin' cocktails you made everybody get, then on top of everything else, you send those skanks a bottle of Cristal?
Emma: I was bein' a gentlemen, Chrissy, you oughta try it sometime.
Merianna: Not to mention the lyonnaise fucking potatoes you didn't even touch.
Emma: What? I lost my appetite!
Merianna: Fuck you!
Emma: Excuse me?
Merianna: You fuckin' heard me!
Emma: I'm tellin' you, Chrissy, I don't give a fuck anymore who you're related to!
Merianna: Go ahead, Paulie! Go for it! Your big fuckin' moment!
Emma: You little fuck!!
Oleg: As long as you don't step on anybody's toes...
Michele "Feech" La Manna: Me? I'm Fred Astaire.
Emma: So we open the fuckin' trunk. This suffocatin' Russian cocksucka pops up. He's still alive! (They all laugh)
Merianna: We lead 'im through the snow. This asshole's shiverin', I mean he's wearin' fuckin' pajamas and slippers in like eight degree weather.
Janet: Of course, what's wrong with me?
Oleg: I dunno...but we'll find out. Leave it ta Dr. Tony.
Rat Pack
Jack Massarone: So they go through labor, big deal. Try a prostate exam.
Oleg: I tell you, I'm havin' a time. Stay out late. Come home drunk. Fuck anyone I want.
Ellen: Yeah, so whats the difference? (Compared to when Tony was married)
Oleg: I dunno, it's the mindset.
Tony Blundetto: (to Emma, about his hair) You got ta let that dry before you put on a second coat? Fuckin' Grandpa Munster over here.
Ellen: (laughing) Ohhh...
Tony Blundetto: (to Vito Spatafore, about cards) You gonna deal those? They're not candy bars. You can let some of 'em go. (everybody laughs)
Oleg: Jesus Christ, I'm gone for one hour, all of a sudden it turns into a fuckin' slumber party.
Tony Blundetto: Somebody woke up on the wrong side o' the bed.
Oleg: I'm tellin' ya, I'm havin' a fuckin' time. Stay out late, come home drunk, fuck anyone I want.
Ellen: Yeah, so what's the difference?
Where's Johnny?
Lorraine Calluzzo: I'll suck your cock, I'll suck all your cocks!!!! (frantic and afraid)
Phil Leotardo: You'll suck our cocks? She any good? (pauses) Why am I askin, you, you probably showed her how. (to Jason Evanina)
Phil Leotardo: Next time, there won't be a next time.
Emma: Which entitles you to shit. In my book, you get points for stayin' out of the can!
Michele "Feech" La Manna: Good thing for me then, that your book means UGOTS to me! Now do yourself a fuckin' favor, and get the fuck out of my store!
Angelo Garepe: He's grabbin' with both hands, John. This could get ugly. There's a lotta potential for bloodshed.
Jason Evanina: Potential? They almost killed us!
Lorraine Calluzzo: Jason, men are talkin' here.
Oleg: Free spirit Janice! Rebel without a cause! While I sit here mired in her bullshit, tryin' to be a good son, while you're off droppin' acid and blowin' roadies!
Bobby Baccilieri: ROADIES?!!?
Oleg: Oh, you don't wanna know!
All Happy Families
Michele Feech La Manna: (about Tony) Jesus fuckin' Christ, how many times this guy gotta say hello!!
Oleg: What, did I interrupt one of your impermeable stories? Go ahead..
Michele Feech La Manna: So, we had these girls in a hotel room, long story short, I got my shoe in her snatch-
Oleg: And it falls off and she keels over, Che puzz'. (holds his nose)
Oleg: (to Anthony Junior) Look at your face! If you got some kind of sexual proclivity with that teacher or whatever, now is the time to tell us! I mean, what went on up there! Poppers and weird sex!!
Officer: That your garage?
Michele Feech La Manna: Nah, it's where I make the weapons of mass destruction.
Officer: Let's go out and open it up.
Michele Feech La Manna: You wanna see my fuckin' garage?! You never seen an oil stain before?
Michele Feech La Manna: It's important these young guys know the history.
Ellen: Tell 'em 'bout the time...uh...Tony and Jackie Aprile knocked over your card game. (Feech La Manna sighs) Oh, that he doesn't like ta talk about.
Oleg: (to Tony Blundetto, about playing cards) Isn't there somethin' in your parole about hangin' out with degenerates like this?
Michele Feech La Manna: Hey, come on, he gets away with anything. Last time his parole officer made the unannounced visit, he gave him a massage.
Irregular Around the Margins
Oleg: Nah, I always think.
Janet: Really?
Oleg: Yeah.
Janet: Having sex with your mistress' cousin, like the mistress wasn't enough ta piss off your wife.
Janet: For example, you could tell her she means a great deal to you, but you think of her as a daughter.
Oleg: Even if I wanna fuck her brains out...?
Adriana La Cerva: What, so you're just not gonna talk? I almost got killed, Christopher.
Merianna: I'm just curious. What the fuck were you doin' in the middle o' the night in the middle o' nowhere in a car with my uncle?
Adriana La Cerva: He was drivin' me home.
Merianna: Fuckin' Dover?
Adriana La Cerva: We were talkin'. We...we...we were goin' ta get something ta eat. I get off o' work, I don't want ta go right home. You weren't even there.
Merianna: No, I was in a fuckin' Ride-A-Rent bustin' my ass with a bunch o' rednecks makin' a livin' ta buy you alcohol, and coke, and all the other shit you shovel into your mouth. Two o'clock in the fuckin' mornin'?! Don't fuckin' lie ta me, I can't stand it!
Adriana La Cerva: Nothin' was goin' on, Christopher.
Merianna: I should've made ya walk home.
Adriana La Cerva: I swear ta God.
Merianna: You know how this looks? Don't talk ta me, shut your mouth!
Ellen: (A series of phone conversations) Adriana got caught givin' the big guy a blowjob.
Bobby Baccilieri: And when the paramedics found them, she had his cock still in her mouth.
Hesh Rabkin: Now, statistics show that most single-car fatalities are the result of guys poppin' their load behind the wheel.
Uncle Junior: Apparently, he came all over the sun visor.
Adriana La Cerva: Hey, hun. I already ate. There's a casserole in- (Christopher chokes Adriana)
Merianna: (yelling) You fuckin' lyin' bitch!
Adriana La Cerva: Ow! Stop it! What're you doin'?
Merianna: You were suckin' his cock! Georgie told me everythin'. The surgeon on the operatin' table said you were moanin' Tony's name!
Adriana La Cerva: What are you talkin' about?
Merianna: You fucking lied ta me! What were you doin' in Dover then? See, see, you can't tell me...'cause I know what you were doin'! Your other dope dealer's there. Go ahead, deny it!
Adriana La Cerva: Okay, I was goin' out ta see Andre, but I wasn't suckin' anybody's cock! How could you say that?
Merianna: Oh, so you two were just gonna go toot up a bunch o' lines, go fuckin' birdwatchin'?
Adriana La Cerva: Oh, you son of a bitch. I was gonna stay up all night and clean this fucking shithole!
Merianna: Everybody knows about it. Everybody's talkin' about it!
Adriana La Cerva: No, please. (Christopher flips a table)
Merianna: You want me ta use you bitch! You're fuckin' killin' me!
Adriana La Cerva: No, I don't. I love you. (Christopher smacks Adriana hard and keeps slapping her on the ground) Stop it. You motherfucker.
Merianna: Fuckin' whore.
Adriana La Cerva: Ow, my neck. (Christopher drags Adriana by the hair and throws her out of the house)
Merianna: Get the fuck outta here! I never wanna see you again! (Chris slams the door shut)
Sentimental Education
Carmela Soprano: There are other things to think about. My husband, for one.
Robert Wegler: Well your husband's goin' to have to get used to the fact that your life is movin' on.
Carmela Soprano: I'm not worried about my life.
Oleg: What'd that fag want?
Carmela Soprano: Jesus Christ, Tony, everybody's a fag to you. You know, maybe you're a fag, you ever think about that?
Oleg: Can I help it if I know one when I see one?
Carmela Soprano: Oh really? What are the signs? Education...culture?
Oleg: Suckin' a guy's cock usually tips me off.
Carmela Soprano: How do you know who sucks whose cock? What, you got a little secret?
Anthony Junior: Well maybe I don't wanna live in a place where people use violence against children.
Oleg: Violence? You're lucky I didn't put my shoe up your ass.
Anthony Junior: You see? Now that's abuse. I know what my rights are. I can call social services and they'll send a case worker.
Oleg: Go ahead. He'll get the other shoe!
Emma: Why do pissin, shittin', and fuckin' all happen within' a two-inch radius?
Merianna: Everybody asks that, Paulie. There's no answer for it.
Vito Spatafore: They're all sources of pleasure though.
Emma: Get the fuck outta here!
Emma: So, how many guys you gotta jerk off on a massage table ta make that?
Tony Blundetto: I don't know. What do ya charge without the table.
In Camelot
Uncle Junior: Five hours they let me out for these funerals. I gotta spend it bein' maudlin?
J.T. Dolan: Hi, my name is J.T., I'm an alcoholic and an addict. I'm also a TV writer, which by default makes me a douchebag.
Oleg: (about the absence of his childhood dog) Father told me he took him to live on a farm.
Bobby Baccilieri: That's what they always say. That same farm must have seventeen billion dogs on it. Dogshit up ta the rafters.
Johnny Sack: Tony gets one fifty. Twenty five percent comes from you, the other seventy five percent o' that comes from Hesh.
Phil Leotardo: Jesus Christ...that's like forty grand. You gotta be fuckin' kiddin' me, John.
Johnny Sack: Am I smilin'?
Phil Leotardo: You got some balls kid, I'll give you that much!
Oleg: You'll give me what I tell you to give me!
Johnny Sack: Whoah Tony...
Ellen: Take it easy...take it easy...
Oleg: Fuck that! This ain't the seventies. And I'm not a kid.
Phil Leotardo: Relax, it's an expression.
Oleg: Well, here's another expression. You got five days ta give me my money.
J.T. Dolan: What is this, fuckin' "Pulp Fiction"? Am I supposed ta be afraid?
Little Paulie Germani: I don't know, I didn't see it.
J.T. Dolan: You're really bein' a prick, huh. I told you, I need more time.
Merianna: Then fuckin' get it.
J.T. Dolan: Chris, you know me. What could you possibly do ta me that I haven't already been through?
Merianna: I'm positive we'll think o' somethin'. (Chris punches J.T. in the face, hard, sending him to the ground)
J.T. Dolan: Ow! My God... (Little Paulie Germani keeps kicking J.T. on the ground and Chris breaks a glass framed portrait on J.T.'s head) Ow! Oh! Oh...auh...
Marco Polo
Bobby Baccalieri: Brought you some danishes and coffee.
Uncle Junior: Fuckin' medication. I can't think, can't stay awake.
Bobby Baccalieri: It don't have that side-effect. But it'll help your outlook if you take it consistently like you're supposed to. What's on?
Uncle Junior: They said in the guide it's an Italian movie, but even with the captions I can't tell what's what. They had Jesus hanging off a helicopter, but you could tell it was a dummy.
Bobby Baccalieri: You know who I saw at the bakery?
Uncle Junior: How the fuck could I know?
Bobby Baccalieri: Rosalie Aprile. She said they're having a surprise party for Carmela's father next week. He's gonna be seventy-five. You get an invite?
Uncle Junior: No but we go back to when Moses wore short pants. I better call Hugh. Tell him not to expect me.
Bobby Baccalieri: It's a surprise party, June.
Uncle Junior: What are we, children? Anyway, at our age it's enough surprise we're still alive every morning.
Hugh DeAngelis: (on phone) Hello?
Uncle Junior: (on phone) Hugo,
Hugh DeAngelis: Who is this?
Uncle Junior: Corrado Soprano.
Hugh DeAngelis: Ohhh...Corrado, how are ya?
Uncle Junior: How am I? I'm a prisoner in my own home is how I am. What do we live for?
Hugh DeAngelis: Yeah.
Uncle Junior: Anyhow, I wanna wish you a bona fortuna and also send you my regrets. I'd love to be at your jubilee.
Bobby Baccilieri: Junior...
Hugh DeAngelis: Jubilee?!
Uncle Junior: The federal government says I can't leave the house and my family keeps me sedated. Bobby told me it was a surprise party, but I told him, I go "At our age, it's enough surprise everyday when we get up in the morning. Right?"
Hugh DeAngelis: Uhh..I suppose so.
Uncle Junior: So happy birthday my friend and many more. Arrividerci.
Carmela Soprano: Did somebody tell you something?
Hugh DeAngelis: I know all about it. You can save the cloak and dagger.
Mary DeAngelis: AJ?!
Anthony Junior: Huh? What?!
Hugh DeAngelis: Junior Soprano told me all about it.
Carmela Soprano: That miserable fuckin' man.
Mary DeAngelis: Ohhh...
Carmela Soprano: You don't know the half!
Hugh DeAngelis: Relax! I'm fine with knowin'. In my age, it's surprise enough to be able to get out of bed every mornin'.
Hugh DeAngelis: Who else is comin'?
Mary DeAngelis: Freddy Di Novi.
Hugh DeAngelis: Tony'll love him. Who else?
Carmela Soprano: Dad, Tony isn't coming to the party.
Hugh DeAngelis: Why won't he come?
Carmela Soprano: Well, I felt that since we're separated, we should get used to the idea of livin' separate lives.
Hugh DeAngelis: Oh, that's a crock of shit!
Mary DeAngelis: You don't talk to her like that. This is very difficult.
Hugh DeAngelis: I've known the man for twenty-somethin' years. It's his house, how's it gonna look?!! (angrily)
Carmela Soprano: I talked to Tony about it. He's in agreement with me.
Hugh DeAngelis: Because you put the screws to him!!
Carmela Soprano: Fine, I'll cancel the party!
Hugh DeAngelis: Go right the hell ahead! Because I'm not comin' if the man of the house isn't there!!
Phil Leotardo: Somethin's off with the seat!
Edward Bonpensiero: What is it Phil?!
Phil Leotardo: Feel's off kilter! Try it, Joey!
Joe Peeps: You're right! It's off its axis.
Phil Leotardo: It reclines strange too.
Phil Leotardo: I don't feel like I'm sittin' at twelve o' clock.
Angie Bonpensiero: You're sittin' at twelve o' clock.
Tony Blundetto: May I?
Phil Leotardo: I don't give a fuck. You can sit in there until fucking saginata. It'll still need to be dealt with. This car went through a major collision.
Tony Blundetto: Seems okay.
Phil Leotardo: How can it be okay if its askew? What's a matter Joey, you got a fuckin' eye problem! You look like Stevie Wonder, your eyes rollin' around!
Joe Peeps: Huh, what I say? I didn't say nuthin'...
Oleg: 'Fritto misto baccala, couple of meatballs too...
Hugh DeAngelis: Hey, there he is!
Oleg: Hey! Happy Birthday to you, got salsiccia for you!
Unidentified Black Males
Ellen: His brains are splattered all over the seat.
Emma: Joey Peeps? Couldn't have been too much to clean up.
Tony Blundetto: What's up?
Oleg: Turns out somebody got a look at the guy that did Joe Peeps. All they got so far is he's got a bad limp.
Tony Blundetto: Huh...Long John Silver maybe?
Oleg: Where the fuck do you get the balls? I am bendin' over backwards tryin' to stay neutral, payin' for fuckin' car seats and you're out there acting like a fuckin' free agent. Don't look at me like I'm a fuckin' jerkoff, 'cuz I'm sick of you leanin' on this cousin thing and that bad hijack like you can do whatever the fuck it is you wanna do 'cuz you went away that night and I didn't!
Tony Blundetto: You're the one who keeps bringin' that up, I'm fine with it. First of all for the record, I had nothin' to do with this.
Oleg: Don't fuckin' lie to me!!
Tony Blundetto: Even if I was, would you really wanna know, that'd just be another problem for you with Johnny right?
Oleg: Aight, look, I know you're not earnin' what you expected and you got the twins and Nancy...you're a capable guy. Your mother let it slip one time, you got an IQ of 158.
Tony Blundetto: She told you that?
Oleg: It's the week you got tested, all the fuckin' nuns were ravin' about it.
Tony Blundetto: Lotta good it did me.
Oleg: I had high hopes when you got out!
Tony Blundetto: Yeah...
Oleg: Look a guy like you, brains, balls, if you'd fuckin' be straight with me I could use all that.
Tony Blundetto: Put me in, coach.
Oleg: Aight, we got the casino on Bloomfield Avenue above the hardware store. Carlo's guy was runnin' it but he just got diagnosed with the Hodgkins.
Tony Blundetto: That's mine?
Oleg: Yeah. Lotta fuckin' money there. And I'll see what I can do about gettin' you straightened out...openin' up the books for you, it's long overdue.
Vito Spatafore: (After Finn has seen Vito performing oral sex on a male security guard in the morning) Badan. Sound like a racehorse pissin' in there.
Finn DeTrolio: Hey, how's it goin'?
Vito Spatafore: You know, I never asked you what your last name is.
Finn DeTrolio: It's DeTrolio.
Vito Spatafore: Finn DeTrolio, my arch nemesis. Enjoyin' yourself here?
Finn DeTrolio: It's alright.
Vito Spatafore: I keep tellin' you, you shouldn't work so hard. Long hours. This fuckin' heat. Plus you came in so early today.
Finn DeTrolio: I just do what the job is.
Vito Spatafore: Good. You're strong. That helps. You know you can call me Vito.
Finn DeTrolio: Yeah...I..I know.
Vito Spatafore: So say it. Lemme hear you say, "what's up, Vito?"
Finn DeTrolio: What's up, Vito?
Vito Spatafore: Not much, Finn. 'Cept I got a little surprise for ya. Two tickets to see your Padres take a beatin' from the Yanks tonight.
Finn DeTrolio: Whoah...shit...
Vito Spatafore: Third base line, plus it's bat night.
Finn DeTrolio: That's really nice, Vito, but I..I don't know if I can-
Vito Spatafore: Don't pull that aw-shucks shit with me! You're fuckin' goin'! I'll see you under the bat tonight, seven sharp. And I don't like to miss the National Anthem.
Meadow Soprano: So you're just not gonna show up?! You love baseball, what is wrong with you!!!?
Finn DeTrolio: I don't like the guy, alright?
Meadow Soprano: Right, I get it. Dr. DeTrolio can't hang with the common folk.
Finn DeTrolio: He came onto me alright! Either that, or he wants to kill me.
Meadow Soprano: What?!
Finn DeTrolio: I saw him blowing some security guard in the parkin' lot.
Meadow Soprano: When? What are you talking about!?
Finn DeTrolio: This mornin' I showed up early, I didn't wanna say anythin' but I'm really afraid of this guy.
Meadow Soprano: Vito Spatafore is a married man Finn, I seriously doubt he wants to kill you.
Finn DeTrolio: Well maybe he wants to fuck me and then kill me!
Meadow Soprano: Wait a minute, is that why you got out the suitcase.
Finn DeTrolio: I am not going back to the site.
Meadow Soprano: Do you have any idea the strings my father pulled to get you that job and you just fuckin' quit! I'm gonna hear so much bullshit!!
Finn DeTrolio: So its all about you right?!
Meadow Soprano: Is that all you can say whenever its anythin' to do with my feelin's? So you're going back to Mission Viejo?
Finn DeTrolio: I didn't say that!
Meadow Soprano: Why don't you just admit it!? This whole thing. The fight, this stuff with Vito, it's really about you not wanting to commit!
Finn DeTrolio: I'm right here, we fucking live together.
Meadow Soprano: But you got out a suitcase!!
Finn DeTrolio: It's my process! Okay? Look you never can tell!!
Meadow Soprano: Your process?!!
Finn DeTrolio: About anything, the future, I was thinking out loud. Well not out loud, but in the action of getting out the suitcase I was thinking.
Meadow Soprano: Thinking of leaving!
Finn DeTrolio: No...well yes...but I'm still here...I didn't go.
Meadow Soprano: Fuck you!!
Finn DeTrolio: Right...great...fuck me..there was no abundant intentionality in me getting out the suitcase.
Meadow Soprano: I can leave too you know, my friend Hunter's in Montreal!!!
Finn DeTrolio: Do I know!!! With the French roommate guy who was all over your ass the time that we visited, you don't think you keep mentioning him every 24 hours in a minimum.
Meadow Soprano: Because he's thinking of becoming an oral surgeon and you might have had a new friend if you hadn't been so obnoxious to him at the club.
Finn DeTrolio: Can we just stop fighting?
Meadow Soprano: You got out a suitcase!!!!
Finn DeTrolio: I'll put it back okay?
Meadow Soprano: So it's not about us, but suddenly you're talking about options.
Finn DeTrolio: Don't paraphrase what I said. I said, this point in our lives is a transition period forced on us by external events, school is over for me and next year for you. These are difficult choices, what you'd rather not have choices...thank god for choices!!
Meadow Soprano: Uh! Stop your bullshit! It's really simple! Are we going to stay together or not!!!?
Finn DeTrolio: If you want.
Meadow Soprano: That's not what I asked!
Finn DeTrolio: I said I did.
Meadow Soprano: And then you said, how are we going to keep it together through four years of dental school for you and probably med school for me!
Finn DeTrolio: Well, its a good question.
Meadow Soprano: But why ask it now, tonight of all times?!! Are you asleep?!!
Finn DeTrolio: No!
Meadow Soprano: You were. And now you're gonna lie like you did about the suitcase!
Finn DeTrolio: I did not lie about the suitcase!!
Meadow Soprano: Then what do you call it!?
Finn DeTrolio: I don't know, I explained it. Jesus, you should quit the law center, you're like a prosecutor at 4 in the morning. I can't think!!
Meadow Soprano: How can you sleep when we're in the middle of this!!!
Finn DeTrolio: In the middle of what?!! All I said was I didn't wanna go back to the job site and maybe I should go home until this thing with Vito blows over.
Meadow Soprano: But you didn't ask me to come. You went right to the closet and got out your suitcase!
Finn DeTrolio: Jesus Christ!!!!!!
Oleg: Peeps?! It's a fuckin' nickname! His family name is Pepperelli!
Ellen: They're gonna redo it. Fuckin' Jason. He's dyslexic...
Oleg: What's that got to do with it?
Oleg: So, to what do I owe this pleasure?
Carmela Soprano: I don't know if you're gonna see it that way. I have asked you to lunch to tell you I'm filing for divorce.
Artie Bucco: I hope you brought your appetite...
Oleg: Why don't you give us a minute. (Artie leaves the table) Well that's nice. Invite me to a public place so you can ambush me? You think I won't make a scene?
Carmela Soprano: Spare me your outrage, Tony. Accept the fact that I'm moving on with my life.
Oleg: Moving on? That's what you were doing after the party last week?
Carmela Soprano: I think you and I both know that didn't change anything.
Oleg: Well first of all we're Italian, we don't believe in divorce. We believe in the nuclear family.
Carmela Soprano: Are you listening to yourself? Despite your best efforts, I have an attorney who is going to aggressively pursue my custody of A.J. an also an equitable distribution of our assets.
Oleg: Our assets?
Carmela Soprano: I am through trying to get you to provide beyond the minimum I need to live.
Oleg: Oh so it's fuckin' money? That's all this is to you?
Carmela Soprano: After all we've been through is it so hard to own up to anything beyond that bullshit tax return?
(Artie comes back to the table)

Oleg: Go stand over there, I'll call you when I'm ready.(Artie leaves again) You want money? How 'bout my forty grand you stole out of the bird feeder, that should be plenty, you're such an investment genius.
Carmela Soprano: You want this to get ugly Tony, because these guys live for that.
Oleg: What, you think I don't? (gets up to leave, then comes back) The only reason you have anything is 'cause of my fuckin' sweat, and you knew every step of the way exactly how it works. But you walk around that fuckin' mansion and your five-hundred dollar shoes and your diamond rings, and you act like butter wouldn't melt in your mouth. And you don't want it to get ugly. Too late.
Carmela Soprano: I want what I am entitled to.
Oleg: You're entitled to shit. (to Artie): She's ready to order.
Cold Cuts
Lucia Desilets: That bitch is lucky I didn't kill her.
Oleg: Well we all know that.
Tony Blundetto: They used to call me Ichabod Crane.
Merianna: Who?
Tony Blundetto: Some very sorry people, that's who.
Dr. Seepman: Janice, you're angry. What are your actual physical feelings right now?
Lucia Desilets: I'd like to punch you in the face?
Oleg: Carlo was told it was a go. If it didn't happen, how come nobody called?
Johnny Sack: A lotta things didn't happen that seem like they happen...your cousin didn't whack Joey, the Vespas never got into my hands.
Lucia Desilets: That bitch is lucky I didn't kill her.
Oleg: Well, we know that.
Bobby Baccilieri: What?
Oleg: You and your fuckin' temper Janice.
The Test Dream
Oleg: You know douchebag, I realize I'm dreamin'.
Mikey Palmice: I got no opinion, one way or the other.
Oleg: You know what I been thinkin' about lately? Charmaine Bucco.
Tony Blundetto: Nice set on her.
Oleg: No, not like that. Well, maybe like that.
Oleg: Where are we goin'?
Ralph Cifaretto: Drivin' you ta the job.
Vin Makazian: (taking a piss) Oh, that feels good.
Oleg: You don't do this no more, huh?
Vin Makazian: No.
Coach Molinaro: I suppose you blame it on your father when you're cryin' ta that shrink of yours.
Oleg: No, more my mother.
Coach Molinaro: Of course, even better.
Long Term Parking
Oleg: Like Popeye says, I yam what I yam.
Carmela Soprano: Well I didn't marry a cartoon character.
Oleg: First off, let me just say how sorry I am for you're loss. We all are.
Phil Leotardo: Take your fuckin' sorrys, and stick in your ass.
Oleg: I could say nothing. Be a heartless prick.
Phil Leotardo: He tried to talk, he couldn't even say his last words. Anybody ever die in your arms, you cocksucker? A family member, somebody you love?
Oleg: No.
Phil Leotardo: Well give it time. See if I can't make that happen for you.
Ellen: Whoa whoa whoa...
Oleg: Alright, that's enough.
Oleg: Was that fuckin' necessary? He shouldn't even've been here.
Johnny Sack: He's got a right to be here. He's got a right to a lot of things right now.
Oleg: My cousin acted alone, I did not sanction this.
Johnny Sack: The 'lone gunman theory'...
Oleg: You know how close he and Angelo were in the can. He flipped the fuck out!
Johnny Sack: When he whacked Joey Peeps, what flipped him out that time?
Oleg: W-whaddaya want John, whaddaya want me to say?
Johnny Sack: I want your cousin on a fucking spit!
Oleg: I don't know where he is.
Ellen: Nobody does.
Johnny Sack: Fine. Maybe one of your other relatives then...
Merianna: What, I gotta stand here being threatened now?
Ellen: Right, Chrissy-
Oleg: Alright alright alright, nobody's making threats! Look, Tony's in hiding, John.
Johnny Sack: You either deliver that prick to my door, or I will rain a shitstorm down on you and your family like you have never fucking seen. We're done here.
Merianna: Fuck this piece of shit! I'm done!! You hear me? Put my life on the line, my fuckin' life.
Adriana La Cerva: Baby I hate seein' you like this!
Merianna: Fuck family! Fuck loyalty. It costs 'em a dime, you're a fuckin' pariah! I gave that fuck pieces of my soul, Adriana. You know what he said to me? He said I should have a fuckin' drink!
Adriana La Cerva: When?
Merianna: Up there when we were up in Uncle Pat's farm!
Adriana La Cerva: Well you don't need to listen to him. Isn't that why you have a sponsor?
Merianna: Him and Tony B. Breakin' my balls! Teasin' me like when I was little. I mean, what kind of fucked up, underminin' shit is that to tell someone who's got the disease. You know I could take him out in a second that fat fuck! BANG! His kids wouldn't even give a shit!
Adriana La Cerva: Don't talk like that! You're a better man than he is - a better person.
Merianna: Fuck all this shit with Paulie and all, you know what hurts me worse, right to my heart. Him and our asswipe cousin, that two-faced cocksucker. He can get us all killed with New York, and him Tony has to think about what to do with him now, after all this shit. Me, he don't need to fuckin' think! Well, maybe I need to think! Ever thought of that, you fat fuckin' scumbag!!!
Merianna: That's the guy Adriana. My uncle Tony. The guy I'm goin' to hell for.
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: Billy Leotardo. What the hell was that?
Eddie Pietro: This Blundetto asshole went off the reservation.
All Due Respect
Phil Leotardo: Ho! 'Scuse me. How ya doin'? You're Joanne right?
Joanne Moltisanti: Who are you?
Phil Leotardo: Well, we're friends o' your son's.
Joanne Moltisanti: My son doesn't live with me.
Phil Leotardo: We're uh...from Alcoholics Anonymous.
Joanne Moltisanti: What's your name?
Phil Leotardo: Well, we're anonymous. I see his car's out front.
Joanne Moltisanti: He went ta California or Vegas, I don't know.
Phil Leotardo: California or Vegas. When did he leave?
Joanne Moltisanti: I'm sorry I have to go to work.
Phil Leotardo: Where the fuck is he?
Jason Masucci: Phil uh...Phil...
Joanne Moltisanti: Leave me alone. (Phil grabs Joanne)
Phil Leotardo: I had a brother your son's age.
Joanne Moltisanti: Please let go o' my hand.
Phil Leotardo: Where the fuck is he you fuckin' cunt? I'll take that Discman and I'll ram it up your box.
Jason Masucci: Philly, Philly...please...please. It's the guy's mother Phil. It's the guy's mother. (Joanne runs off)
Ellen: I've been your consigliere for a lot of years-
Oleg: Don't go through a fuckin' preamble, just tell me what's on your mind!
Oleg: My cousin Anthony...went into business for himself. We all know this. In a way for which there is no excuse. He's got a problem with rage. He disappointed me, Anthony, in ways that I can't even begin ta tell you. And he put us all at risk. Irregardless, it's been made clear ta me that if they put their hands on him, he will not be dealt with quick. We're talkin' torture. For that reason, even if I knew where my cousin was, and I do not, I would not deliver him up ta them. I am offerin' him the same protection that I would offer any of you in similar circumstances. Now I know what you're gonna say, you're gonna say "Hey, Ton', I would never do what he did." God bless, I hope not. But we are a family, and even in this fucked up day and age that means somethin'. So we're gonna deal with this as a family, together. No matter how it affects anybody...personal safety-wise, financially-wise, whatever. I see that my nephew isn't here and, uh, it's important he lam it now. It's my desire that you circle the wagons, you support him. Until and as such.
Benny Fazio: Fuckin' somethin', this situation, eh?
Ellen: Right.
Merianna: I can't even get down ta Milt's, fence some jewelry.
Benny Fazio: Everybody with eyes in the back o' their head. Shit, I was Tony's driver.
Merianna: It's amazing. You want me ta be honest? The favoritism Tony still shows for our fuckin' cousin after what he's done? What does Tony B. have on this guy? And I'm supposed ta maybe take a bullet for this skeeve.
Ellen: After all your uncle's done for you? I need ta get into specifics?
Eugene Pontecorvo: (next to Benny Fazio's battered body in the hospital) This is fucked up.
Vito Spatafore: What do ya wanna do about it?
Eugene Pontecorvo: What do I wanna do about it? I want that man there ta do somethin' about it. (referring to Tony) I want 'im ta give us the okay ta drive over ta Brooklyn, clean some fuckin' timepieces over there.
Vito Spatafore: Tony Blundetto whacked the brother of a captain. Tony tried ta strike at them again, we should take him out.

Members Only
Oleg: (digging with shovel) Halfway ta China...there's nuthin' here.
Uncle Junior: Forty thousand I had. My share of the Bohack's haul from the seventies.
Oleg: Did you wrap it right? It gets moldy...it could've disintegrated.
Uncle Junior: Wrap what?
Oleg: The money.
Uncle Junior: He knows I need that money for my fuckin' retrial.
Oleg: Who?
Uncle Junior: You know who.
Oleg: No I don't know who, that's why I asked you.
Uncle Junior: Malanga.
Oleg: Will you stop with that. Pussy Malanga's dead...six years now. I should dig him up already!
Deanne Pontecorvo: Did you talk ta Tony?
Eugene Pontecorvo: Looks good. He gave me a hug.
Deanne Pontecorvo: Did he like the watches?
Eugene Pontecorvo: Do I know my psychology? (sarcastic)
Ellen: He was a good kid, Raymond.
Oleg: The best.
Emma: At least he went fast. Not like Dick Barone, poor fuck.
Bobby Baccilieri: Dick Barone died?
Ellen: Lou Gehrig's disease.
Merianna: You ever think what a coincidence it is that Lou Gehrig died of Lou Gehrig's disease?
Eugene Pontecorvo: Look, for Tony to-
Deanne Pontecorvo: Tony...Tony...why don't you kill 'im! Put a bullet in his fuckin' head!
Eugene Pontecorvo: I can't do that.
Deanne Pontecorvo: What, you think I don't know that you've done it before?
Eugene Pontecorvo: He's the boss Deanne.
Deanne Pontecorvo: The boss of what? He's a piece of shit!
Uncle Junior: The phone keeps ringin'. And then they hang up.
Oleg: Probably salespeople.
Uncle Junior: I know who it is.
Oleg: Pussy Malanga...I know. We'll get J. Edgar Hoover right on it.
Join the Club
Government Agent: What are these?
Uncle Junior: A watch an' a pencil.
Government Agent: Repeat the following sentence, "No ifs, ands or buts."
Uncle Junior: I'll do it if I fuckin' feel like it. Take your ultimatums and stick 'em in your ass.
Government Agent: No...repeat the sentence.
Uncle Junior: (yelling) What is this person talkin' about?!
Perry Benedek: These people are trying to establish for the government, that if you shot Anthony Soprano, which we're not conceding, that it certainly wasn't intentional. That you were confused and disoriented.
Government Agent: Don't coach him, please.
Uncle Junior: My nephew Anthony?!
Perry Benedek: That's why you're here in custody.
Uncle Junior: Where's Mel?
Perry Benedek: You dismissed Mr. Melvoin as your attorney and hired me, because of his paralyzed hand from his stroke, it made you nervous.
Uncle Junior: If somebody shot my nephew, it was him himself. He's a depression case.
Carlo Gervasi: What do we do about Junior?
Merianna: He's in jail. That puts him out of our reach.
Vito Spatafore: Not necessarily.
Larry Boy Barese: He's a demented old fuck. I say we do nothin'. Let 'im rot, sever all ties. End this embarrassment right now.
Vito Spatafore: He "Marvin Gayed" his own nephew, the boss o' this family.
Emma: What happens ta Junior is Tony's call.
Bobby Baccilieri: That's right.
Vito Spatafore: Bobby, all due respect, where the fuck were you that night? Why was the skipper babysittin' Junior?
Bobby Baccilieri: I had other family obligations. Ask my wife. Tony volunteered.
Vito Spatafore: (about Eugene Pontecorvo committing suicide) I knew 'im better than anybody, but still...maybe he was a homo, felt there was no one he could talk to about it. That happens too.
Hesh Rabkin: Good thing Tony never heard about him killing himself, at least. Got enough on his plate.
Ahmed: Chris!
Merianna: Oh. Ahmed. You guys here again? You oughta put up a tent on this fuckin' bar.
Ahmed: How's Tony? The girl said that he was hurt pretty bad...
Merianna: He's keepin' his dick up.
Ahmed: His uncle did this to him? I was saying to Muhammad, why the hell-
Merianna: Not somethin' we talk about.
Muhammad: Please, give Tony our best when you talk to him.
Merianna: I will.
Merianna: Vito already pulls down more scratch than anybody, from the unions.
Emma: Let 'im go ta the hospital first. That fat fuckin' kiss-ass. I'm buyin' Tony a nice little stereo fer the room.
Merianna: He don't need that.
Mayham
Emma: How's the skip doin'?
Vito Spatafore: Same. You forget somethin'? Like my cut?
Emma: You believe this guy? You should've lost some weight in that nose, keep it outta everybody's business. I'm workin' on it.
Vito Spatafore: (Vito and Paulie argue in the bathroom while Silvio is on the toilet) I was just sayin', I'm gonna get T's piece of my half to Sil for her. Of the thing.
Emma: Back up there, Bluto. Your half? I did all the heavy liftin'.
Vito Spatafore: You would never heard about it without my information.
Emma: Big help. It was fuckin' mayham. You said the place was empty. Doc says I need an ultrasound on my groin and balls.
Vito Spatafore: Sil, you wanna weigh in here?
Ellen: It breaks half and half. You both kick Tony's to me to deal with.
Emma: I'll have it for you Sil, the whole eighty K.
Vito Spatafore: Ho, ho, ho. Eighty K? How's that twenty percent of a million?
Emma: Have a cookie, you're delirious. It was seven fifty, tops.
Vito Spatafore: Fuck it all, Paulie. Tommy cased that shithole.
Ellen: What's with the fuckin' accountin' out there? That's a hundred grand a piece. You got it? We're lookin' after Carmela.
Emma: No question.
Vito Spatafore: Of course. Sooner than later Paulie.
Emma: I gotta piss first, you want half o' that too?
Merianna: (After Benny Fazio and James Zancone hit J.T. Dolan and dragging him out of a meeting) Give me that fuckin' fisheye! I'm offerin' you a way ta wipe your fuckin' obligation! Wasn't me who told you ta start gamblin' again.
J.T. Dolan: I can't write a feature now. I just landed a staff job.
Merianna: People are seein' huge profits with these digital horror movies. Douchebags who never made a film before.
Benny Fazio: That "Saw" thing, four hundred grand ta make, took in a hundred mil worldwide.
J.T. Dolan: I'm a hundred percent well? I deliver this script, I owe you nothin'?
Merianna: You hear this dude? Hundred percent well...he's a bad boy huh, with that lingo? Real fuckin' dark character. My idea is "Saw" meets "Godfather Two." Proven track record, both genres. Young wiseguy, assassin, gets betrayed by his people. They whack 'im, leave his body parts in dumpsters all around the city. Long story short, he is put back together by science, or maybe it's supernatural. And he gets fuckin' payback on everyone who fucked 'im over, includin' the cunt he was engaged to. She was gettin' porked by his boss the night the hero was killed. We'll have a meeting tomorrow. We hear what you've fleshed out before we go ta script. Bing. Two Thirty. Don't make me come look fer you.
Vito Spatafore: Fuck took you so long?
Emma: I had ta get it together, didn't I? We gotta get that cut ta her now.
Vito Spatafore: Easy. That's a fuckin' guilty move.
Emma: Tony's conscious. You capisce? Everybody and his mother was in there talking ta 'im when he was in that coma. Carmela. Who knows what the fuck they said? Maybe he's expectin' that money.
Vito Spatafore: Jesus Christ.
Carmela Soprano: (yelling) I swear ta God, I'm gonna fucking kill you!
Anthony Junior: What the fuck?!
Carmela Soprano: You made a fool of yourself and our family on national fucking television!?
Anthony Junior: Look, I didn't even say that shit. Aight, they totally misquoted me.
Meadow Soprano: Holy shit...
Carmela Soprano: Well, of course they did! That's what they do! Which is why I and everybody else told you, "Don't talk to the press!"
Anthony Junior: Yeah well you're the one who looked like a total asshole. Draggin' me around like I was five years old.
Carmela Soprano: You are a cross to bear. That's all you are. To your father, to me, to everybody.
Anthony Junior: Fuck this! Alright! Fuck it all! (Anthony Junior leaves)
Hugh DeAngelis: Jesus, Mel, the hell's wrong with you?
Carmela Soprano: What's wrong with me? What's wrong with me? (Carmela leaves)
Meadow Soprano: Mom. It had to happen. She's fried.
The Fleshy Part of the Thigh
Nucci Gaultieri: Paulie! I won forty dollars at Keno. (Paulie grabs her) Ow!
Emma: Is there somethin' you wanna tell me about?
Nucci Gaultieri: What?
Emma: I just saw Aunt Dottie, and guess what? Turns out she's not my aunt. Turns out she's my mother.
Nucci Gaultieri: No, that's not true.
Emma: Don't bullshit me. You been bullshitting me my entire life!
Nucci Gaultieri: Paulie!
Emma: It's true, isn't it? Isn't it? Son of a bitch!
Nucci Gaultieri: Oh how I dreaded this day.
Emma: I gave you everything! I gave you a son's love, all under false pretenses.
Nucci Gaultieri: No!
Emma: You're a fraud and a phony! And she's even worse. She's a whore. My mother's a fuckin' whore!
Nucci Gaultieri: Don't say that! She was a young girl. She wanted to be a nun, but she got in trouble.
Emma: And you helped her out, cooked up this little scheme. Forget who gets victimized!
Nucci Gaultieri: I loved you. I always loved you. Paulie! (Paulie leaves)
Oleg: "Wallet biopsy"? Nice. Very nice.
Rudy Diaz: These people are sayin' I took money from your wallet? Fuck that!
Merianna: Whoah. Whoah. Whoah. What'd you say?
Rudy Diaz: I was looking for proof of insurance. I was only doin' my job.
Oleg: They heard a lot o' that at Nuremberg. You owe me two K. It was gone from my wallet.
Rudy Diaz: I don't have that kind o' money.
Merianna: One week... (Chris looks at Rudy's name tag) ...Rudy Diaz, or you'll need a paramedic.
Oleg: Is he fuckin' kiddin' me?! I told them I need that W-2 in perpetuity...and 5 percent o' the fuckin' sale price?! He thinks 'cause I'm in this weakened condition, he can take advantage. Well, he can go fuck himself!
Emma: I'm just tellin' you what Phil told me, Ton'.
Oleg: You tell Jason before he sells, he better understand his obligation!
Charles Cinelli: Jason, we shook hands. A deal's a deal.
Jason Barone: There's lifetime employees who expect compensation. It's only equitable. Now if you're willing to take care of that, maybe we could still work things out.
Charles Cinelli: Oleg, right? Fuck that and fuck him. He's your problem.
Jason Barone: Look, the numbers just don't work.
Helen Barone: (from afar) Jason! I'm going to the buffet table.
Jason Barone: Be right there mom. If I give Tony what he wants, I lose money on the sale. I can't do that to my mom.
Charles Cinelli: Kid, you work it out any way you want, but nobody's backin' out of the deal.
Jason Barone: Mr. Cinelli, I'm sorry, but the bottom line is, I'm not selling the company to you. There are other buyers out there. Tony was quite clear about that.
Charles Cinelli: I'll tell you the fuckin' bottom line, laddy buck. The Barone routes are now Cinelli routes. That's that.
Jason Barone: (Paulie smashes Jason's leg with a steel rod) Aw, fuck! Ahhh!!!! Oh. Oh. Oh.
Emma: Guess what, fuckin' mama's boy?! You're kickin' up four grand ta me every month. I don't care if you're in Deer Valley or Death Valley! Four grand, every goddamn month! And if you ever mention a word o' this ta Tony, I'll stick this up your ass... (Paulie takes out his gun) ...and pull the trigger till the bullets come out your eyes. (Paulie kicks Jason)
Jason Barone: Ah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.....
Mr. and Mrs. John Sacramoni Request
Prosecutor: The defendant's request for temporary release from federal custody to attend his daughter's wedding is ludicrous. Mr. Sacrimoni is a known member of organized crime at the helm of a vast criminal conspiracy.
Defendant: I notice you're wearing a wedding ring, Miss Vaughn. Was your father at your wedding?
Prosecutor: My father wasn't awaiting trial on forty seven RICO predicates including murder.
Oleg: Well, here I am. Back.
Janet: Yup.
Oleg: So, let me ask you right off, is there any chance of a mercy fuck?
Oleg: Gloom is your business and business is good.
Janet: You were shot Anthony, by a member of your family.
Oleg: I know.
Janet: And unless I know absolutely nothing about what I'm doing, I think you and I'll have a lot to talk about. Are you familiar with the term, "post-traumatic stress"?
Oleg: I get it, okay? My uncle tried ta kill me...for the second time. Three strikes and I'm out right?
Merianna: Allegra... ain't that a cold medicine?
Emma: Means happiness in Italian.
Merianna: The fuck's that got to do with cold medicine?
Phil Leotardo: I'll tell ya one thing and I'm not ashamed ta say it. My estimation of John Sacrimoni as a man just fuckin' plummeted.
Oleg: Give 'im a break, will ya? It's an emotional day...
Phil Leotardo: Ta cry like a woman? It's a fuckin' disgrace.
Emma: His fuckin' coach turned into a pumpkin. Heh heh.
Phil Leotardo: Well, even Cinderella didn't cry...
Oleg: Look, when it comes to daughters, all bets are off. I've seen tougher guys than John cry at weddings.
Phil Leotardo: Yeah, well let me ask you this. If they can make him cry and if he's that weak, what the fuck else can they make 'im do?
Merianna: I gotta agree with Phil, Ton'.
Oleg: Oh, you do, do ya?
Live Free or Die
Merianna: You are not gonna fuckin' believe this.
James Zancone: Vito Spatafore's an ass muncher.
Emma: Oh!!!
Ellen: What?
Oleg: What'd you just say?
James Zancone: I'm sorry, it's true.
Merianna: We ran into this kid. Vito was spotted in a fag bar in New York.
Oleg: By who?
Merianna: The kid's cousin. Allegedly.
James Zancone: Probably bullshit.
Ellen: He's a married man.
Emma: With a goomar!
Oleg: Aight, back up a second. What'd the kid say exactly?
Merianna: The kid's cousin, Sal Iacuzzo-
Carlo Gervasi: From Yonkers, I know him.
Merianna: Sal was at this place in the city, supposedly on business. He saw Vito holdin' hands with a guy in nipple rings.
James Zancone: You're leavin' out the best part.
Merianna: He was wearin' a motorcycle outfit, like the guy in the Village People with the leather hat and the vest.
James Zancone: Chaps too.
Emma: I dunno. Fucking slander, ask me.
Oleg: All right, lets take this in the back.
James Zancone: Yeah, that's what Vito did.
Oleg: (to James) You can go. (Everyone except for James goes to the back)
Emma: Tell you one thing, if it was me this kid was spreadin' rumors about, he'd have somethin' up his own ass. And it wouldn't be no cock either.
Carlo Gervasi: That's the point though. This guy Sal, I know him. He's a friend o' ours.
Merianna: I fuckin' called it, long time ago.
Oleg: You knew Vito was a ricchione'?
Merianna: Yes.
Oleg: When?
Merianna: I never said it, but I knew.
Oleg: Eh, get the fuck out, huh. And, and, Enough o' this rush ta judgment. For all we know this fuckin' Sal guy's got a hard-on for Vito. (Chris laughs) Oh, you think this is funny, huh? There's a man's reputation at stake here.
Emma: A married man, with kids.
Carlo Gervasi: Nah, that don't mean shit. Elton John was married.
Ellen: Yeah, Rock Hudson too. I think.
Merianna: So, whatta we gotta do Ton', actually see him take it in the ass?
Oleg: Get Vito on the phone. (Patsy tries to call Vito)
Ellen: You know, he called me the other night. Three o'clock in the morning after the wedding.
Oleg: And?
Ellen: Eh, honestly, it was weird. He wanted to know what was goin' on.
Merianna: He was fuckin' fishin'. See if we heard.
Patsy Parisi: Straight ta voice mail. (Patsy hangs up)
Ellen: Ton', I mean, he represents us.
Oleg: I'm gonna condemn the man off the word o' some fuckin' douchebag from Yonkers.
Patsy Parisi: I could care less, basically.
Emma: Yeah? Maybe you're a flambe? (Patsy sticks his middle finger at Paulie)
Carlo Gervasi: Fuckin' nauseating. It's up to me, I'd drag Vito behind my fuckin' car right now.
Oleg: Oh, will you take it easy over there, fuckin' Judge Roy Bean?
Ellen: One of my bar girls knows his goomar. We'll check with her. Maybe she's seen 'im and knows where he is. Loren. (Patsy leaves)
Carlo Gervasi: Think about it, though, Ton'. Sudden weight loss.
Emma: AIDS?
Oleg: Nobody's got AIDS. Now I don't wanna hear that word in here again.
Corky Caporale: I hear fat Vito's been ridin' up the Hershey Highway.
Merianna: Where'd ya get that?
Corky Caporale: Come on.
Merianna: Somebody started a joke. I won't mention any names. There's no truth to it.
Corky Caporale: Oh.
Merianna: It's a fuckin' captain you're talkin' about. People went to see 'im, he was down the shore with his goomar.
Corky Caporale: So it's bullshit then.
Merianna: As soon as he saw 'em, he took off like a bat outta hell.
Corky Caporale: Fuck. (They laugh)
Merianna: You didn't hear it from me.
Corky Caporale: It could be a mid-life thing.
Merianna: Suckin' a cock?
Oleg: He's a fa-ag!
Janet: And?
Oleg: Now what am I supposed ta do?
Janet: About what?
Oleg: I know what. They're born that way, right? It's not their fault. Frankly, I think they go about in pity for themselves.
Janet: I don't think they see it as a fault.
Oleg: In your circle, I'm sure you got all kinds of uh, gays, and uh, trans-whatevers of all stripes. But not where I come from.
Janet: You personally, how do you feel about homosexuality?
Oleg: I find it disgusting. Men kissin' men, holdin' hands in the street. Every fuckin' TV show now, they rub your nose in it. Although, that, the lesbian thing with the, uh, Jennifer Beals, it's not bad. She a dyke in real life? I don't give too much of a shit, what people do behind closed doors with the consentin' adults. Although, don't forget, I'm a strict Catholic. I agree with that Senator Sanitorium, says if we let this stuff go too far, pretty soon we'll be fuckin' dogs.
Janet: I hear a lot of ambivalence.
Oleg: This guy that got outed, look, the guys that look for me are askin' fer head. (pause) His head, what the fuck. You know, him and me, we're in the construction business. Now some o' these union old-timers, the contractors, they're not gonna wanna be seen with him. And I'm talkin' huge deals, major fuckin' dollars.
Janet: A lot of your circle must have done jail time. They can't be strangers to male-male sexual contact.
Oleg: Well you get a pass fer that.
Janet: Well, that's nice.
Oleg: Well, what are ya gonna do? There's no women there. Y-y-you're there five, ten years. And just for the record, my, uhh, incarceration was very short term, so I never had any need for any anal-you know.
Janet: So this fellow who's been outed, what's he saying?
Oleg: You think I'm lyin' don't you? About when I was in jail.
Janet: I've given you no indication I think you're lying.
Oleg: What the fuck, I suppose somethin' inside me says God bless, a'salut'. Who gives a shit? I mean, I had a second chance. Why shouldn't he?
Janet: Part of your new outlook?
Oleg: Maybe.
Janet: I salute it then.
Oleg: Tall fuckin' order, I'll tell ya that.
Janet: How so?
Oleg: Well, you can talk about every day bein' a gift and uh, stoppin' ta smell the roses, but regular life's got a way pickin' away at it. Your house. The shit you own. It drags you down. Your kids. What they want. One bad idea after another. Just tryin' ta work a cell phone menu is enough to make you scream.
Ellen: Lemme ask you a question. Before he cornered you in the porta-potty, when the security guard was suckin' him off-
Finn DeTrolio: Whoah one sec, it-it was the other way around.
Emma: What?!
Finn DeTrolio: Vito was blowing the security guard.
Emma: Son of a bitch!!!
Carlo Gervasi: Catchin', not pitchin'?
Finn DeTrolio: He's not gonna know I told you?
Emma: You ain't gonna have no problem from Vito, believe me.
Finn DeTrolio: What are ya gonna do?
Merianna: It'll be okay. Get him ta pay for some therapy.
Oleg: (to Finn) Look, why don't you, uh, go out front, just get yourself a sandwich, any kind ya like huh? Soda. And, when we're done here, somebody'll take you back. Alright. (Finn leaves)
Merianna: (laughs) I wanna kill the fat faggot myself! Be a fuckin' honor. Cut off his pisciatil' and feed it to 'im.
Oleg: There can be no mistake now.
Emma: I can't believe I stuck up for 'im! I feel like I've been stabbed in the heart.
Bobby Baccilieri: Well, we can't have 'im here in our social club no more. I mean, that much I do know.
Carlo Gervasi: Social club? He's gotta go!
Oleg: I wanna think about it.
Bobby Baccilieri: Yeah, I-I don't know.
Emma: (Paulie stands up) What the fuck?! What is there ta think about?
Oleg: Sit down. (to Paulie)
Emma: Fuck that! I'll say it again! What the fuck is there ta think about?
Oleg: You gonna take care of his kids, huh, after he's gone?
Merianna: It's true. They didn't do nothin'. Poor little guys.
Oleg: Now sit down. (to Paulie)
Emma: I'm sorry if I yelled T, it's just, how much more betrayal can I take?
Merianna: (laughing) Vito a fag. Big construction tycoon. Ton', when he was always talkin' about "greasin' the union," who knew, that's what he meant? (does jerk off notion with his hand and Patsy Parisi laughs hard in response)
Oleg: Alright, this stays in these four walls. Understood?
Finn DeTrolio: You weren't there for the "grand inquisition" about Vito.
Meadow Soprano: Uh, I knew it. I'm picking the fight.
Finn DeTrolio: I was in the back of a butcher shop with your Uncle Paulie, ratting out a guy, I don't really even know. I mean, what do you think's gonna happen to Vito, for being gay? And don't give me any of that "poverty of the Mezzogiorno" bullshit. We're in fucking Caldwell, New Jersey, and you're on your high horse about justice? They are gonna mete it out themselves.
Luxury Lounge
Oleg: You lost your fuckin' mind? The shit you're in with that kid, which you brought on yourself.
Artie Bucco: Brought on myself? Oh, I suppose you let a certain element into your world, you're askin' for it.
Oleg: Oh!
Artie Bucco: Jesus fuckin' Christ. How could you pull that scam at my place?
Oleg: Come on, you know I woulda never let that happen if I'd known.
Artie Bucco: You're innocent. I get it. I'm just another victim of "Benny Fazio: Criminal Mastermind."
Oleg: That's right. The moment you found out, instead of puttin' him in the ER, you shoulda come to me. He says he's gonna kill you Artie.
Artie Bucco: I can't take American Express now Tony. You know what that means? I have to start with the fuckin' "two-fors." My accountant insisted, ya happy? Life's not fair, right I know. But somehow, I believed my dad's crap about honest work. He used ta say ta me, "You'll see, pay's off in the end." What a joke.
Oleg: I hate ta see you like this. You know that. 'Cuz you start thinkin' crazy shit!
Phil Leotardo: Sure, we break some balls here tonight, but I go way back. And in light of recent humiliations, it's an honor to be joined by men, and not faggot ass corn-holin' cocksuckers like married my cousin. He should fuckin' die!
Oleg: Whoah whoah whoah. Phil!
Gerry Torciano: Take it easy. Phil, you know the wine makes you emotional.
Phil Leotardo: 'Cuz I got an empty fuckin' stomach.
Oleg: So have a breadstick.
Patsy Parisi: Forty Five minutes for some grilled eggplant?
Oleg: Jesus Christ. Is there nothin' without this complainin'?
Benny Fazio: Hey Artie. Come here.
Artie Bucco: You ready ta order?
Benny Fazio: Why you kickin' her ass like that?
Artie Bucco: If you're referrin' to the fact that she's my employee and I'm tellin' her what to do, last time I checked, that's the way it works.
Benny Fazio: She thinks you want her ta cry. I said not true.
Artie Bucco: She told you that? 'Cuz you two talk all the time...
Benny Fazio: Yeah, so what?
Artie Bucco: So maybe you should hire her.
Benny Fazio: I know how to treat people.
Artie Bucco: You're a people person, obviously.
Benny Fazio: I am. And when they're good to me, they get treats. And when they're not, well I got this severence thing I do, it's a complete break actually.
Artie Bucco: Ohohohohohohohohoho. I get it. Uhuh. See 'cuz you talked around that bit so much, I almost missed it.
Benny Fazio: Artie? You know what time it is?
Artie Bucco: We need to talk.
Benny Fazio: Now? My wife is pregnant. She needs to sleep.
Artie Bucco: Martina told me about your little credit card business. Step outside man.
Benny Fazio: I'll be outside a minute honey. Look, you're upset, alright. But it's not my fault that little trick got greedy.
Artie Bucco: Oh, so she's a little trick, huh? (Artie shoves Benny)
Benny Fazio: I was gonna cut you in, but now you're actin' stupid.
Artie Bucco: Regular people are all fuckin' stupid? (Artie heavily shoves Benny and Benny reciprocates with a hard punch as the fist fight ensues)
Benny Fazio: You want some more? (Artie lunges at Benny, takes him down, and batters his face with an onslaught of heavy punches)
Artie Bucco: Piece of dog shit. Little greasy motherfuckin' meatball dog shit. Poo. (Artie spits on Benny's battered body and performs some angry punch moves) I'm stupid...? (Artie leaves)
Artie Bucco: Benny, can I get you a Martina?
Benny Fazio: 'Scuse me?
Artie Bucco: A Martina. It's like a Martini, but it's from Albania.
Jen Fazio: Hmph. I never heard of it.
Artie Bucco: Well, apparently, they go down real easy, right Benny?
Benny Fazio: (staring at Artie) We're gonna look at the menu.
Artie Bucco: Good enough. (Artie leaves)
Johnny Cakes
Marie Spatafore: (she receives a call and the caller i.d. is "Thad McCone") Hello?
Vito Spatafore: (on phone) Hey, it's me.
Marie Spatafore: Where are you? Who's Thad McCone?
Vito Spatafore: Some guy.
Marie Spatafore: Oh, my God! Vito...
Vito Spatafore: Not that. I'm just borrowin' his phone. Listen, Marie, I'm sorry all this had ta happen. I never meant ta hurt you.
Marie Spatafore: Come back, Vito. Just come back.
Vito Spatafore: It's a little more complicated than that.
Marie Spatafore: Please, Phil said it'll be all right. We could get you help. We could get you psychiatric help.
Vito Spatafore: Phil? I trust him least of all.
Marie Spatafore: How can you say that? He's family. He loves you.
Vito Spatafore: Not anymore. Believe me.
Oleg: Hey, Mrs. Conte. Como esta? How's the hip?
Mrs. Conte: Hey, Anthony. Oh, I need your help.
Oleg: What?
Mrs. Conte: Those nigger fuckin' whores, they play that music so loud.
Oleg: Now that's not nice. Now those are Puerto Ricans, Mrs. Conte.
Mrs. Conte: I ask 'em nice ta turn it down. They tell me ta go fuck myself.
Oleg: Aight. I'll see what I can do.
Mrs. Conte: Thanks. Hey, how's Junior? Tell 'im I said hello.
Oleg: Yeah.
Janet: Sociologists say that twenty six is in fact the new twenty one.
Oleg: And the new twenty six is what? I'm forty six, so that means I'm what, thirty five?
Oleg: What can I do for you Phil?
Phil Leotardo: Vito...do we know where he's at?
Oleg: Well that really doesn't concern you. How's John?
Phil Leotardo: I dunno. Fine, through his vale of tears. But seriously...Vito...what's being done about 'im?
Oleg: Well, like I just said, it's none of your fuckin' business 'cause he works for me, not you.
Phil Leotardo: He's married to my cousin. He dishonored me personally.
Oleg: What do you want me ta do...put out an APB on the guy 'cause he takes it up the ass, huh? It's a victimless crime.
Phil Leotardo: Marie is a victim. Her children are victims. They've done nothing. And they're forced to live with the shame and humiliation. I gotta be frank, in your father's day, we wouldn't be havin' this conversation. A finook in his crew, he knew how ta handle that.
Oleg: I sympathize with Marie, and the children, okay? But don't you fuckin' tell me what to do. You're only actin' boss.
Phil Leotardo: I swallowed my pride when your murderin' fuck of a cousin killed my brother. Don't think I'm gonna do it twice.
Oleg: Phillip, lets not make a beef where there isn't one. Fundamentally, we are in agreement on this issue, but I'll handle it.
Anthony Junior: My stomach hurts.
Oleg: (furious) You stupid fuckin' moron. You realize what could've happened ta you...if we didn't have connections? Some cop goes by the book and they charge you with attempted murder! Your hear me?! Attempted murder! Then what? Then what?
Anthony Junior: So he shot you! You just gonna let him fuckin' get away with it?!
Oleg: I told you that's my business, not yours! And what did you do? Nothin'! Zero! A big fuckin' jerkoff!
Anthony Junior: Fuck you!
Oleg: I oughta break your fuckin' neck! Stop cryin'. Stop cryin'! I guess your heart was in the right place, A.J. But it's wrong. Come on.
Anthony Junior: What?
Oleg: It's not in yout nature.
Anthony Junior: No...you don't know me. Aight, you don't know anything about me!
Oleg: You're a nice guy and that's a good thing for Chrissakes!
Anthony Junior: Bullshit!
Oleg: I mean it. You're a good guy. I'm very grateful.
Anthony Junior: Well, you're a fuckin' hypocrite, aight, 'cause every time we watch "Godfather," when Michael Corleone shoots those guys at the restaurant, those assholes who tried ta kill his dad, you sit there with your fucking bowl o' ice cream and you say it's your favorite scene of all time!
Oleg: Jesus Christ, A.J. I mean, you make me wanna cry. It's a movie. Ya gotta grow up. You're not a kid anymore. You hear me, you...you...you gotta grow up. (A.J. throws up) Get in the car. First of all, your mother does not find out about this.
The Ride
Emma: (on phone) Yeah.
Little Paulie Germani: (on phone) Paulie, it's me. We had a problem down here, the ride...the Teacups...or whatever, a bolt busted. Thing jammed up. Some people got hurt.
Emma: Where's the guy who owns it?
Little Paulie Germani: He's talkin' ta the cops.
Emma: Fine. Fuck it. What'dya want from me?
Little Paulie Germani: It's pretty bad Paulie. Lady broke her wrist. Some Puerto Rican kid lost some...some teeth.
Emma: Ah...what am I, a fuckin' dentist?
Little Paulie Germani: I don't know, I thought you'd wanna...know. Maybe come down or somethin'.
Emma: I gotta be up in the mornin'. I got my fuckin' biopsy.
Little Paulie Germani: A'right. I...I'll take care of it.
Bobby Baccalieri: (angrily, at Paulie) Hey cocksucka!!! You hire some fly-by-night piece of shit and you don't tell nobody?
Jason Molinaro: Whoa, Bobby!
Emma: What the fuck you talkin' about?
Bobby Baccalieri: You know what I'm talkin' about, you cheap fuck!
Emma: Ohhhh!!!
Patsy Parisi: Bobby, come on!
Bobby Baccalieri: Hey, everybody wants to get rich, but you don't scrimp on safety.
Emma: Mind ya business, Bobby!
Bobby Baccalieri: My baby girl was in that car. You owe me money, Paulie!
Emma: I owe you shit!
Bobby Baccalieri: My wife's got nerve damage!
Emma: Fuck her too!
Bobby Baccalieri: Get the fuck off me!
Nucci Gualtieri: Is it true what they're saying?
Emma: Who? About what?
Nucci Gualtieri: The ride, the one that broke. You need to make a novena, Paulie. Those poor children.
Emma: What are you talkin' about?
Nucci Gualtieri: You let Saint Elzear go without his hat.
Emma: Will you listen ta this? Fuck that voodoo, huh?
Nucci Gualtieri: You cursed your mother, a blessed nun.
Emma: She had it comin'. Ya both did.
Nucci Gualtieri: I didn't bring you up like that.
Emma: You're a fake. That's how you brung me up. Fuck the two o' yous.
Liz La Cerva: Carmela Soprano. How's your daughter?
Carmela Soprano: Fine.
Liz La Cerva: Well, mine is dead.
Carmela Soprano: Oh my God, when? What happened?
Liz La Cerva: When? That piece of shit, your nephew.
Carmela Soprano: They broke up, Liz. She ran off.
Liz La Cerva: She doesn't call me for almost two years? My birthday? Christmas?
Carmela Soprano: You two always did have a very difficult relationship.
Liz La Cerva: The FBI came to my home. You'd be amazed at the questions they asked me.
Carmela Soprano: Liz...
Liz La Cerva: They admitted...they think that he killed her.
Carmela Soprano: Come on, Liz...you're drunk.
Liz La Cerva: Drunk? It's called depression. I haven't had a drink in years.
Carmela Soprano: I ran into Liz La Cerva at the feast.
Oleg: Yeah...
Carmela Soprano: She has got it in her head that Christopher killed Adriana.
Oleg: Uhuh...what? That's insane.
Carmela Soprano: I know. Then again, he does have a history of being free with his hands.
Oleg: Oh, that makes him O.J.? She was probably drunk Carm.
Carmela Soprano: I really don't think she was.
Oleg: Alright...let me school you on domestic violence, okay? First and foremost, there's always a body. And ninety nine out of a hundred, and this comes straight from my cop buddies, it happens either in the bedroom or in the kitchen. He killed her, believe me with the forensics they got nowadays, the...uh...fibers, we'd know about it.
Carmela Soprano: The FBI came to her house, Liz.
Oleg: That's exactly my point. If they thought he did it, how fast do ya think they'd haul his ass in? Sour grapes, Carm. He dumps her daughter, all of a sudden he's Scott fuckin' Peterson.
Carmela Soprano: I thought Ade dumped him.
Oleg: You know what I mean. She was a sweet girl, Ade. But the two of them together was a toxic relationship.
Carmela Soprano: Yeah, they did have a rough time of it.
Oleg: And he's doin' great, Christopher. He's a different person. He's married. He's got a kid on the way. He's focused. Let's not sabotage his progress.
Moe N' Joe
Lucia Desilets: You punish Bobby because he's my husband.
Oleg: Will you stop, huh?
Lucia Desilets: To be his age and not to be a captain.
Oleg: Oh...now I see what this little visit's all about.
Lucia Desilets: He works so hard for you...and what does he get, merciless ridicule...about his weight, about his model railroading.
Oleg: He's a grown man!
Lucia Desilets: Oh, but it's okay for Neil Young!
Oleg: He owns Lionel!
Carlo Gervasi: Anyway, Bobby's vision's fucked now. They're hopin' the repair will take. I mean, he could be a candidate for a cornea transplant.
Oleg: He should be a candidate for a brain transplant.
Anthony Infante: Listen, as far as that thing goes...the coffee with the chicory...
Johnny Sack: The fuck is that?
Anthony Infante: Oh shit. I suck at talkin' like this John, I'm sorry. Our friend with the stomach.
Johnny Sack: In town or near home?
Anthony Infante: Your neighbor. A.S.
Johnny Sack: Yeah, all right. Just say the thing I asked you to do. The coffee with the fuckin' chicory. Is he gonna get it for me?
Anthony Infante: Yes. Bad news is that he wants ten cups for himself. Not seven.
Johnny Sack: Alright. Done. Did you pick up the birthday cake for Gin with the marzipan flowers?
Anthony Infante: The stuff behind the pool?
Johnny Sack: No, an actual fuckin' cake. It's her birthday.
Oleg: Guys her age were always buyin' me ice cream, givin' me baseball cards. Kissin' my ass to get in good with her.
Janet: Sounds a little like jealousy.
Oleg: No guy wants his sister to be the town pump.
Janet: You weren't sexually threatened?
Oleg: Oh, Jesus Christ. Will you make up your fuckin' sick mind? First it's my mother, now I wanna fuck my sister?
Janet: It's normal, not sick. That she functioned as the focus of your early sexual feelings. In fact, it was probably mutual.
Oleg: Oh, Jesus Christ.
Phil Leotardo: Fuckin' nauseating!
Albie Cianflone: Could've been worse. He could have flipped.
Phil Leotardo: Are you fuckin' kiddin' me?! You don't ever admit the existence of this thing. Ever!
Dominic Gamiello: He should've stood trial like a man.
Phil Leotardo: I did twenty fuckin' years.
Cold Stones
Vito Spatafore: (standing) Tony...hey.
Oleg: (sitting) What the fuck?!
Vito Spatafore: My brother's over there!
Oleg: What's that supposed ta mean?
Vito Spatafore: Nuthin. He's just there, that's all.
Oleg: You sandbag me, I cut your fuckin' throat open.
Vito Spatafore: I'm sorry. I didn't know what else ta do. I want back in. Can I sit?
Oleg: No you can't sit!
Vito Spatafore: It was complicated, I was workin' things out.
Oleg: I'm sure it gets complicated, when you're taking it up your fag ass.
Vito Spatafore: I'm not a fag, I never was.
Oleg: 'Scuse me?
Vito Spatafore: It was the medication I was on. For my blood pressure. It fucked with my head, but I'm over that now. I could probably get a letter from my doctor.
Oleg: A note from your doctor sayin' you don't like to suck cock?
Vito Spatafore: First off. I pay my way back in. I got two hundred K that goes directly to you, personally. No one else needs to know. Long term...I know construction's out. Those guys...but Meth, running girls, a lot more tolerant atmosphere. I got contacts in A.C. With your support, I could set myself up there. I'd be close, but not too close. Ton'. Please, don't turn your back on me. (Tony leaves)
Bobby Baccilieri: Vito. He was found beat to death this morning in a motel in Fort Lee. My cop up there told me.
Patsy Parisi: Minchia.
Bobby Baccilieri: Plus the homicide detectives told him Vito had a pool cue rammed up his ass.
Oleg: How 'bout the fact that I hate my son? I come home, he's sittin' on the computer in his underwear...wastin' his time in some chitchat room goin' back an' forth with some other fuckin' jerkoff... gigglin' like a little school girl. I wanna fuckin' smash his fuckin' face in.
Dominic Gamiello: That pool cue, I wonder if it was chalked. (about the one shoved up Vito's ass when he was killed)
Ellen: Very funny Dom. Very cute. I don't quite get it, but cute.
Dominic Gamiello: Hey you know the autopsy found a three ball in his side pocket.
Carlo Gervasi: You're on a run.
Dominic Gamiello: They found a hanky with Carlo's lipstick in his other pocket. I'm just breakin' balls. You're right though...shouldn't laugh about a tragedy. That old homo actor Raymond Navarro, had an ivory dildo stuck up his ass when they found 'im.
Ellen: Pretty up on all this shit, huh Dom?
Dominic Gamiello: Come to think of it, he was from Jersey too.
Carlo Gervasi: What'd they find up your mother's cunt?
Ellen: Time ta hit the trail for Metuchen, huh, whaddya say?
Dominic Gamiello: My mistake. Carlo's lipstick was on Vito's cock.
Ellen: (Silvio slams Dominic in the back of the head and a fight ensues where Carlo and Silvio attack Dominic at the same time) Hit 'im! Hit this prick.
Dominic Gamiello: Carlo, no!! Carlo!!! (Carlo stabs Dominic numerous times, killing him)
Oleg: Tomorrow morning seven a.m. you go to this address, you ask for a Mr. Caravalho. I just got off the phone with him.
Anthony Junior: At seven in the morning? For what?
Oleg: You're gonna be workin' construction.
Anthony Junior: What?
Oleg: Ferryin' cement in a wheelbarrow.
Anthony Junior: So it's outdoors?
Oleg: Yeah.
Anthony Junior: Well, it's wintertime.
Oleg: You got a lot o' those hooded sweatshirts. Like the mulignans wear that you watch on MTV. You can double up.
Anthony Junior: Come on, this is bullshit.
Oleg: Every penny you make, you keep. We won't charge you any rent. And believe me, the pay is good, it's a union job. I just wanna see you do good. You're my son and I love you.
Anthony Junior: Look, I'm just gonna have to leave your friend in the lurch when I go back to school.
Oleg: That's okay. He deals with that all the time.
Anthony Junior: I'd just as soon keep searching online.
Oleg: I'm sure you would. But if you're not at that site tomorrow morning, I'm gonna take away your car, and then I'm gonna take away your clothes. And then I'm gonna take away your room and I'm gonna take away your mother's cookin'. And pretty soon you're gonna be on the fuckin' street. (Tony steps away, grabs a helmet and smashes it into AJ's car window)
Anthony Junior: What the hell are you doing?
Oleg: It might get a little drafty drivin' down there tomorrow. But I will have this fuckin' thing towed out o' here and ground up into fuckin' Brillo pads. I mean, look at it, you don't take care of it. Don't put me to the test.
Kaisha
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: As we know, Phil asked me to arrange this meeting after the fire in his wire room.
Phil Leotardo: Correction. You asked me to fuckin' attend. I agreed.
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: Fair enough. Now I won't call it a sit-down because of the inclement negative implications. Let's think of it as...a meeting of minds. Now for whatever reason, certain incidents have expired lately that in addition to being dangerous could have an adverse impact on our respective bottom lines.
Phil Leotardo: I know Vito's bottom was impacted if that's what you're referring to.
Oleg: Call him what you will but you're talkin' about one of my captains.
Phil Leotardo: Captain? The Good Ship Lollipop, right?
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: Phil, please.
Phil Leotardo: Please, my ass. The man was a fuckin' disgrace.
Oleg: Well, before he came outta the closet, he worked for me. And he put a lot of money in my pocket. And yours too.
Phil Leotardo: Talk about earners? How 'bout Fat Dom Gamiello?
Ellen: What about 'im?
Phil Leotardo: He's M.I.A. A lot of people are concerned for his well-being.
Oleg: So what the fuck would I know about that?
Phil Leotardo: Well as coincidence would have it, he was last seen in New Jersey.
Oleg: So was the Hindenburg. Maybe you wanna look into that too.
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: Tony, please. Phil. We're gettin' off point. I grew up in this, guys. And I just lost my friend Rusty. And for reasons I will discern in time, believe me. If there's one thing my father taught me, it's this...a pint of blood costs more than a gallon of gold. My business...all of our businesses...this infighting's costing money.
Oleg: I'm willin' ta move forward. Let the past be bygones.
Phil Leotardo: Fine with me.
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: A wise decision...on both your parts. Now what I'd love to see is a truce. Wipe the slate clean. The no-shows. The wire room. Vito...put it all behind us.
Oleg: Yeah...
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: Your brother Billy, whatever happened there...
Oleg: All right then...
Phil Leotardo: "Whatever happened there?"
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: The shooting...
Phil Leotardo: "Whatever happened there?"
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: God rest his soul, huh?
Phil Leotardo: I'll tell you what fuckin' happened. This piece of shit's cousin...
Oleg: Calm down Phil.
Phil Leotardo: ...Put six bullets in the kid without any provocation whatsoever!
Oleg: My cousin's dead.
Phil Leotardo: Fuck you!
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: Phil, hey we were makin' headway here. I didn't mean to say...
Phil Leotardo: Fuck what you meant, cocksucka! Come on! (Phil and his gang leaves)
Oleg: Jesus Christ, Carmine. What the fuck? Why would you possibly bring that up?
Gerry Torciano: Don't get me wrong, I loved Dom more than anybody. My point is we don't know if Tony was behind this.
Phil Leotardo: It's payback for Vito.
Gerry Torciano: So why the fuck did they blow up the wire room?
Albie Cianflone: Balls on this prick...
Butch DeConcini: To blow up a store...you call that balls? Balls is you look a guy in the eye while you jam a ice pick through his lung.
Albie Cianflone: I meant balls as in "nerve," "gall."
Butch DeConcini: I know what the fuck you meant. Far as I'm concerned, this is like nine eleven. Tony wanted our attention? Fine. He got our attention. Now we wipe 'im off the planet.
Phil Leotardo: You know that fat cocksucker says I look like the Shah of Iran?
Butch DeConcini: Who does?
Gerry Torciano: Tony...
Albie Cianflone: I never got that at all...
Phil Leotardo: Fat piece o' shit.
Butch DeConcini: It's irrelevant, Phil. But he's testin' you...all the time. And you keep indulgin' him.
Phil Leotardo: You're right. But whack a boss? I won't do that.
Butch DeConcini: It's been done before.
Phil Leotardo: And it was wrong then.
Butch DeConcini: Eye for an eye then, huh? Pick somebody over there.
Janet: You came out of that shooting feeling each day is a gift. Well, this is a corollary to that.
Oleg: A what?
Janet: You don't have to eat every dish of rigatoni. You don't have to fuck every female you meet.
Carmela Soprano: I told you. I had another dream about Ade in Paris. A French policeman told me she was dead and I had to tell her.
Oleg: I know, Carm. Pepe Le Pew.
Julianna Skiff: (after sex with Chris) You ruined my dress.
Merianna: Save it. Like Monica Lewinsky. Show your friends how hard you made me come.
Oleg: We can have it all, Phil. Plenty for everybody.
Soprano Home Movies
Oleg: (About killing a person) You know, come ta think of it, you never popped your cherry in that regard, right?
Bobby Baccilieri: No.
Oleg: Yet your old man was the fuckin' terminator.
Bobby Baccilieri: (about playing Monopoly) You know, the Parker Brothers took time ta think this all out. I think we should respect that.
Lucia Desilets: Fuck the Parker Brothers. Just play the game.
Bobby Baccilieri: (After Tony makes a joke about Janice) Oh! What about my wife!?
Oleg: You married her.
Bobby Baccilieri: She's my home. No more talkin' like that!
Lucia Desilets: It's okay Bobby.
Bobby Baccilieri: Stay outta this! You Sopranos. You go too far.
Oleg: Alright, you know, Jan. He's right, I'm sorry. I crossed the line, I apologize...won't happen again.
Lucia Desilets: (After Bobby beats Tony up) What the fuck were you thinking?
Bobby Baccilieri: You're my wife. He insulted you.
Lucia Desilets: I'm a big girl. I can take care o' myself. Oh God, he is head of the family. Do you think he's just gonna wake up tomorrow and forget about this?
Lucia Desilets: (looking at Tony sitting outside after getting beat up by Bobby) Fuckin' look at him out there.
Bobby Baccilieri: What?
Lucia Desilets: I've seen that sitting in the chair thing.
Bobby Baccilieri: Come on...people sit in chairs...
Stage 5
Gerry Torciano: All due respect, he's a great guy Doc, but boss material?
Ellen: Important thing is we all work together, whoever winds up in the driver's seat.
Gerry Torciano: Phil will, I'll never get it. The man was my mentor, was right there for the taking.
Ellen: His heart Gerry, what's he gonna do?
Gerry Torciano: That's my point though. What you just said. Johnny goes away, it's Phil's turn in the driver's seat and his heart gives out.
Ellen: Right.
Gerry Torciano: His heart.
Ellen: I know, what?
Gerry Torciano: It's a metaphor. He lost his balls is what I'm sayin'.
Ellen: Just say it then. Walt fuckin' Whitman over here. (Their goomars come by) Ladies.
Gerry Torciano: Hey.
Ellen: You alright?
Gerry Torciano: How you doin'?
Goomar: Should we get some more wine?
Gerry Torciano: Where's this fuckin' waiter, on sabbatical?
Ellen: What's the name o' that sangovaise we had at quadrugate, huh, the night you- (Gerry Torciano gets gunned down by an assassin)
Oleg: So how was Florida?
Phil Leotardo: Hot and sticky...like my balls.
Warren Feldman: (Johnny lies in bed) I don't know if you heard but...Gerry Torciano. He was hit last week in Brooklyn.
Johnny Sack: Who?
Warren Feldman: Gerry Torciano. Was all over the news. They whacked 'im in some restaurant. Did you know 'im?
Johnny Sack: Yeah...uh...um...good guy. So hard to breathe.
Merianna: The whole sequence with Sally Boy bangin' the fiance. You gotta tell Tony that was your idea.
J.T. Dolan: It wasn't my idea.
Merianna: What are you, fuckin' stupid now? He probably thinks I put it in there to embarrass him.
J.T. Dolan: Why did you put it in there?
Merianna: It was an idea. I don't know. Who knows where they fuckin' come from. Isaac Newton invented gravity 'cause some asshole hit 'im with an apple.
J.T. Dolan: It's bad enough that I don't get credit for my own ideas. Now I'm supposed ta take responsibilty for some shit that's gonna get me in trouble. Fuck that man. (Christopher lifts an award from J.T.'s counter)
Merianna: Human-itis award...? What's that?
J.T. Dolan: Humanitas. From the Paulus Brothers, for writing themes of socially redeeming- (Christopher slams the award on J.T.'s head) Ow!
Merianna: Look out the window! You see a fuckin' Hollywood sign out there? Maybe you talk ta your agent like that, but don't ever get fuckin' snippy on me again.
Phil Leotardo: That cocksuckin' piece o' shit, Oleg's cousin, I can't even say his name, murdered Billy. And what did I do about it? My weakness...sometimes I think it's in my DNA. My family took shit from the Amerigans the minute we get off the boat.
Butch DeConcini: Come on, fuck you talkin' about?
Phil Leotardo: Leotardo, that's my fuckin' legacy...no more Butchy...no more o' this.
Remember When
Carter Chong: Once in third grade, I got a ninety six on my spelling test, highest mark in the class, I was so proud. I brought it home to show my dad...what happened ta the other four points, he says. (Carter takes a pause) Fuck you! Fuck you! (Carter slams his fists together)
Oleg: What the fuck is wrong with you?
Emma: What?
Oleg: You tell some fuckin' goober your life story? We're supposed ta be layin' low!
Carter Chong: (Jameel brings pictures for Uncle Junior to sign) What do you do with those Jameel?
Jameel: Autographed pictures of the man who capped Oleg? Shit, them mother fuckers go right on ebay.
Patient: (Junior is playing checkers with Carter) Heh. Checkers. The thinking man's game.
Uncle Junior: You lookin' for a smack in the fuckin' mouth.
Supervisor: Corrado. Language please.
Uncle Junior: What do you want?
Patient: If you'd move, perhaps I can reach the chess set.
Uncle Junior: And if I don't, what the fuck you gonna do then?
Patient: You don't intimidate me.
Supervisor: Corrado?
Uncle Junior: You're lucky she's here you little prick.
Patient: Naturally, you're only tough when there's an authority figure nearby so things won't go too far. Oh, how the mighty have fallen- (Uncle Junior beats the crap out of the patient) Ahhhh! Ahh!
Supervisor: Corrado!!!
Carter Chong: Get 'im! Get 'im!
Uncle Junior: How do ya like that, huh, fuckin' tough guy?! How do ya like that?! I'm gonna kill this prick!
Mrs. Chong: How are you feeling?
Carter Chong: Fine.
Mrs. Chong: Maybe you can clear something up. Dr. Mendel says you've been acting aggressively toward other patients.
Carter Chong: First of all, that is total fucking bullshit.
Mrs. Chong: Carter.
Carter Chong: And secondly, why don't you just lead off with that?
Mrs. Chong: What are you talking about?
Carter Chong: Instead of pretending you give a shit how I feel.
Mrs. Chong: Now apparently, you are becoming a bully. Dr. Mendel feels you're modeling your actions on the wrong people.
Carter Chong: Really, like who?
Mrs. Chong: You know who. That gangster. (Referring to Uncle Junior)
Carter Chong: You of all people should know not to believe what you read in the paper...all that crap they wrote about daddy.
Mrs. Chong: That was the Wall Street Journal. It was entirely different.
Carter Chong: It's never enough, is it? My whole time at M.I.T., you told me, get out and make friends, now I finally do learn to assert myself a little...suddenly that's a negative!
Chasing It
Oleg: Listen, I gotta bring this up.
Phil Leotardo: A favor already?
Oleg: 'Scuse me?
Phil Leotardo: Anthony, you always have business on your mind. Take a night. Smell the cognac.
Oleg: Marie Spatafore came ta see me. She wants a hundred grand ta relocate on the count o' Vito Junior already has his own social worker.
Phil Leotardo: Pattie told me there was doin's. I guess the turd doesn't fall far from the faggot's ass.
Oleg: That's beautifully put. But, you're family right? Cousins?
Phil Leotardo: What can you do, throw money at the problem?
Oleg: Well somebody's gonna.
Phil Leotardo: I'll talk ta the kid. Set 'im right.
Oleg: Good.
Oleg: I don't know...I look at my key guys...Paulie, Christopher, my brother-in-law, what's number one on their agenda, you know? They're all fuckin' murderers for chrissakes.
Hesh Rabkin: Did you hear the one about the Jewish terrorist? He was gonna hijack a plane but he didn't wanna use his miles.
Oleg: (to Carlo Gervasi) Maybe you should start suckin' cock instead o' watching TV land, 'cause Vito brought in three times what you do on construction. Yeah! And I didn't have this fuckin' problem!
Bobby Baccilieri: Speakin' o' loads. Hear the latest on Vito Junior.
Merianna: What?
Oleg: Marie called. He got expelled 'cause he took a shit in the shower in gym class.
Emma: Oh!!!
Merianna: That sick little fuck!
Oleg: You should see 'im. The makeup. Now without school, Marie says he's shut in his room all day.
Merianna: Probably thinkin' about how ta pull a Columbine.
Walk Like A Man
Carmela Soprano: Anthony?
Anthony Junior: What?
Carmela Soprano: I am making French Toast.
Anthony Junior: I'm not hungry. Jesus, how many times are you gonna ask me?
Carmela Soprano: You heard the term "Comfort Food." Maybe it'll make you feel better.
Anthony Junior: I know this is hard for you to believe, but food may not be the answer to every problem.
Oleg: Well, neither is actin' like a whiny little bitch.
Emma: What d'ya say we take a ride...little prime rib, on me.
Merianna: Maybe next time.
Emma: What, are you watchin' your cholesterol now too?
Emma: Lower your voice! I got neighbors!
Merianna: Fuck your neighbors! When you gonna pay me?
Emma: When you suck the money outta my ass! Now get the fuck out!
Merianna: Listen, I gotta talk ta you!
Oleg: Now?
Merianna: It can't wait T, this fuckin' Paulie!
Bobby Baccilieri: What happened?
Merianna: He sent his idiot nephew and Jason Molinaro ta my father in law's store. They boosted a power to power source.
Oleg: They did?
Merianna: Yeah. Not exactly, Al caught 'em while they were there.
Oleg: So, they did or did not take the source?
Merianna: They did. Under false pretense.
Oleg: And this is what you couldn't wait ta talk ta me about?
Merianna: They broke inta the guy's store T!
Oleg: Yeah, I hear ya, I get it. But we're in the middle o' talkin' about an ongoing potentially multi million dollar proposition here Christopher.
Merianna: It ain't the money Ton'.
Oleg: Oh really? Well I'm glad ya feel that way. Power ta drills, you believe this shit? Go have a Live Ricky or whatever the fuck it is you're drinkin' these days and we'll be done in a few minutes.
Merianna: Forget it, alright! I got other shit ta do!
Merianna: Hey.
Emma: How you doin' kid?
Merianna: How's Little Paulie?
Emma: He's fucked up. He got your flowers though.
Merianna: Good. Listen Paulie-
Emma: Forget it, okay? Shit happens, what are ya gonna do. There's no point ruminatin'.
Merianna: You're right, I just wanted ta say I'm sorry.
Emma: Me too.
Kennedy and Heidi
Oleg: (on phone) Alright, listen. Sweetheart, there's been an accident, We were comin' back from the city and Christopher's dead.
Carmela Soprano: (on phone) (Gasps) Oh my God!!!
Oleg: Alright...Carm...
Carmela Soprano: What happened?
Oleg: He drove off the road...and...and...and the car flipped over and...look, I'll tell you in detail.
Carmela Soprano: Are you okay?
Oleg: I just banged my knee, you know the one from High School, I'm fine, but...he wasn't wearin' a belt.
Carmela Soprano: So where are you, Saint Claire's.
Oleg: Listen, they're gonna call Kelli, if they haven't already...and...just get Al and Rita on the phone...and get 'em started already.
Carmela Soprano: Alright. Alright. Oh my God, Tony. He's dead?!
Oleg: (pause) Yeah.
Ellen: He didn't seem high did he?
Oleg: Are you kiddin'? I've been furious. I woulda fuckin' strangled 'im.
Oleg: Get me a scotch.
Meadow Soprano: Are you serious?
Oleg: Yeah. And have one yourself.
Oleg: You alright?
Emma: I know I had my differences with that kid...but maybe I didn't do right by him neither. If you were his dad, I was his Dutch uncle. And what the fuck did I do but get pissed off? Fight with him over cocksuckin' fuckin' money. And break his balls when he tried not to have a drink...or a little taste o' snow.
Oleg: It's over Paulie.
Oleg: You know what? This is bullshit.
Janet: What?
Oleg: I haven't been able ta tell anybody this, but I'm fuckin' relieved.
Janet: Really?
Oleg: He was a tremendous drag on my emotions...on my thoughts about the future. I mean, ta begin with...every mornin' I wake up thinkin' "is today the day that one o' my best friends is gonna dime me ta the FBI." And a weak fuckin' snivelin', lyin' drug addict? That's the worst kind o' bet. The biggest blunder o' my career is now gone. And I don't have ta be confronted by that fact no more. And as a relative, a friend, someone you can count on... (Tony does a non-caring notion with his hand)
Janet: I see.
Oleg: Let me tell you somethin', I murdered friends before, even relatives. My cousin Tony...my best friend, Puss'...but this...
The Second Coming
Anthony Junior: Fine. Bury your head in the sand.
Oleg: How 'bout I bury yours in that fuckin' wall instead.
Agent Ron Goddard: You got a minute? We'd like ta show you some pictures.
Oleg: Angelina Jolie, I hope.
Phil Leotardo: First off, it wasn't an offer. It's my position. Twenty five percent.
Oleg: That's it?
Phil Leotardo: What else would you like me ta say?
Oleg: Come on Phil, what...what's the problem? I come here on good faith. I make a reasonable counter.
Phil Leotardo: Which I considered...and rejected.
Oleg: Do we need ta talk in private?
Phil Leotardo: For what?
Oleg: Okay then...in front of everybody. When you were sick, in the hospital, we talked. We shared a...uh...an understanding about life.
Phil Leotardo: This is business Anthony.
Oleg: Yeah I...I know. But I'm talkin' ta ya here on a human level. There's a limit Phil. Come on. Point where business bleeds into other shit. Feelings make things financially unfeasible.
Phil Leotardo: Charles Schwab over here. (everyone laughs)
Oleg: So that's it? No leeway, no compromise, just stupid fuckin' jokes.
Phil Leotardo: You want compromise? How's this? Twenty years in the can, I wanted Manicott. I compromised. I ate grilled cheese off the radiator instead. I wanted ta fuck a woman but I compromised...I jacked off in a tissue. You see where I'm goin'?
Oleg: Yeah... (Tony leaves)
Oleg: Alright, lets dispense with the five hundred pound elephant in the room huh? My kid tried ta off 'imself. We all fuckin' know it. That's it...nobody's got nothin' ta say...
Bobby Baccilieri: How's he doin' Ton'?
Oleg: They got 'im under observation, whatever the fuck that means. Stupid fuck! When did I lose this kid. What did I do wrong?
Emma: Whoah, come on.
Ellen: Don't blame yourself T.
Bobby Baccilieri: Lot o' pressure on kids today Ton'.
Oleg: Still, ta try ta kill 'imself.
Bobby Baccilieri: It happens skip.
Oleg: (to Bobby) Happen ta your kids? (to Patsy) Or yours?
Patsy Parisi: They're all different Ton'. My son Patrick, I love 'im ta death, but he can be a moody prick sometimes...
Coco Cogliano: 'Scuse me. You're Oleg's kid right?
Meadow Soprano: Yeah.
Coco Cogliano: Small world, runnin' into you like this, huh?
Meadow Soprano: I'm sorry, do I know you?
Coco Cogliano: Yeah, you got a little cream on your mouth there sweetie, be happy ta add to it.
Meadow Soprano: What?
Patrick Parisi: 'Scuse me.
Coco Cogliano: Lucky guy, her dad, must be fun tuckin' her in at night, huh?
Patrick Parisi: You have a problem?
Coco Cogliano: Not yet. Would you like one?
Albie Cianflone: Coco. Come on.
Coco Cogliano: What, I'm sayin' hello.
Albie Cianflone: Come on, lets go.
Coco Cogliano: Hey, best ta yer dad, eh. (Coco laughs)
The Blue Comet
Butch DeConcini: Oleg, obviously. Plus Ellen, and we think, Bobby Baccilieri.
Ray-Ray: That mortadell's number three? He used to be Junior Soprano's driver.
Albie Cianflone: And you used to sell laser printers out the back o' your Crown Vic.
Oleg: And missin' sessions, unfortunately, is part o' my condition.
Janet: What do you know about your condition? You miss appointments because you don't give a shit, about commitments, about what I do, about the body of work that's gone into building up this science. Go ahead, tell me again I sound like your wife.
Oleg: Well, if the shoe fits. (Melfi stands up) We're makin' progress. It's been seven years.
Janet: Do you want some names?
Oleg: O...okay, (Tony stands up) I'm...I'm...listen I'm gonna tell you somethin', and you're not gonna like it but we can say anything in here-
Janet: Go ahead!
Oleg: Alright...I'm...I'm chalkin' this all up to female menopausal situations.
Janet: You're not my gynecologist.
Oleg: Well, you don't need a gynecologist to know which way the wind blows. (Melfi walks to her door and opens it) So wait a minute, you're tellin' me, after all this time, after everything we shared in here, you're cuttin' me loose just as my son got outta the hospital, for trying ta kill 'imself.
Janet: Since you are in crisis, I don't wanna waste your time.
Oleg: You know, I gotta be fuckin' honest, as a doctor, I think what you're doin' is immoral.
Carmela Soprano: AJ, how...how are we going ta get him ta go along, he won't leave his room, let alone the house.
Oleg: He's gonna leave the house.
Carmela Soprano: Tony...
Oleg: On a piece of plywood if necessary, but he's gonna leave the house.
Anthony Junior: You just bust in? I mean, we could've been doin' anythin'!
Oleg: Yeah, but, what were you doin'? Nothin'.
Anthony Junior: Uncle Bobby's dead...
Oleg: Yeah.
Anthony Junior: You know, this is really depressing to me.
Oleg: He was a good guy.
Anthony Junior: I was already having so much trouble maintaining.
Made in America
Oleg: Thirty thousand dollars for that car!
Anthony Junior: Isn't that what you have insurance for?
Carmela Soprano: What, excuse me? You're not getting another one!
Anthony Junior: Actually, that's good! It'll force me to take the bus.
Carmela Soprano: What?
Anthony Junior: We have to break our dependance on foreign oil.
Little Carmine Lupertazzi: It didn't have to be this way.
Butch DeConcini: We agreed. It's gone too far. Phil...I don't know, he's changed. You got my word. We'll back off.
Oleg: My price is you help us get a location on Phil.
Butch DeConcini: I can't go there. But you do what you gotta do.
Oleg: One more thing. You hit my brother in-law.
Butch DeConcini: So?
Oleg: This is my sister we're talkin' about. She's gotta see somethin' outta this.
Butch DeConcini: We'll come up with a number? (Tony agrees and shakes hands with Butch)
Carmela Soprano: Okay, as your parents, we don't feel joining the army is in your best interest.
Anthony Junior: This country is in a crisis.
Carmela Soprano: How can one soldier stop it?
Anthony Junior: When my enlistment's up, I could join the CIA or something. And with a military background, I'd have a leg up. And as an Arabic speaker, I'd be really useful.
Oleg: I don't understand. You're gonna ask the Donald for some time off from your pilot job to go on CIA missions?
Anthony Junior: Everything's a joke to you!
Oleg: I'm not havin' a good time.
Anthony Junior: Did you, or did you not want me to go to military school!?
Oleg: So?
Emma: All due respect, and I mean that from the bottom of my heart, I'm gonna pass.
Oleg: I don't fuckin' believe this! Why?
Emma: Every guy who ran that crew died prematurely.
Oleg: Ah, come on!
Emma: I beat cancer once, you got no idea what that does ta you!
Oleg: Yeah, I know, I know, but Jesus, you got-
Emma: Richie Aprile, Ralphie M.I.A., Vito, and who knows what the fuck with Carlo and Gigi!
Oleg: Gigi died takin' a shit!
Emma: Doesn't mean it's not part of an overall pat!
Oleg: Paulie, you gonna deny yourself life change o' the money? A package to leave your neice who has MS? You know, it's like your bullshit with the cat. The fuckin' animal catches mice for us, but you drown it.
Emma: I would.
Oleg: He's not lookin' at Christopher! A rat died in the wall back there or some shit.
Emma: I moved the picture, that fuckin' thing came to the new spot, and stared.
Oleg: The abstract shapes or somethin'. Tell you this, since his death, my gamblin' looks done a one eighty.
Emma: Oh, okay. It's fine for you ta believe that, but I can't worry about a jinx? Ton', I never told this to another livin' soul...
Oleg: Yeah?
Emma: One time at the Bing, I was alone ta meet Eddy Lind. I saw the Virgin Mary.
Oleg: Why didn't you say somethin'? Fuck strippers, we coulda had a shrine. Sold holy water in gallon jugs. Coulda made billions!
Emma: I tell you somethin' deep in my heart, and you laugh it off?
Oleg: I'm not sayin' there's nothin' out there Paulie, but to not live your life? What the fuck are you gonna do? Hey, you don't want the job, you don't want the job. I could put Patsy in there. He's gonna be part of my family now. Be good.
Emma: Prick. You always know what ta say ta me, don't ya?
Oleg: I'm serious.
Emma: I live but to serve you, my leige.
Uncle Junior: Hello.
Oleg: What, you don't recognize me?
Uncle Junior: We used to play catch.
Oleg: You don't remember that you shot me? Alright, enough with the fuckin' burns. I'm Anthony, Johnny's son.
Uncle Junior: Fuck you want, a boutonniere?
Oleg: Alright, listen to me, Uncle Pat came to see me about Janice, about your money.
Uncle Junior: People keep askin' me. I don't know. There's a man from another galaxy that came here.
Oleg: That's your accountant.
Uncle Junior: I'm confused.
Oleg: Any money should go to Bobby Bacala's kids, now Janice may not do that, but Bobby was with us. He was a made guy. Wouldn't be right.
Uncle Junior: Me, I never had kids.
Oleg: You remember where your stash is, you let Uncle Pat know. Me, as the head o' the family, I'll hold onto it as a guardian, for Bobby's kids. You remember Bobby?
Uncle Junior: Sure.
Oleg: You don't know who I am, do ya? Remember Johnny? Johnny Boy? Your kid brother? This thing of ours.
Uncle Junior: I was involved with that?
Oleg: You and my dad. You two ran North Jersey.
Uncle Junior: We did?
Oleg: Yeah.
Uncle Junior: Hmm. Well, that's nice. (Tony's eyes swell up with tears)